
                               1 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             August 28, 2009 Friday

Output figures fuel hopes of US escaping recession

SECTION: BUSINESS; World Business

LENGTH: 444 words


economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy
economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy
economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy
economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy
economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy
economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy
economy economy economy economy economy economy economy

The American economy shrank at an annual rate of 1 per cent in the second
quarter, capping off a week of data which indicates that the US is emerging from
its worst recession since 1947.

The department of commerce said that the real gross domestic product (GDP)
figure, a measure of all the goods and services produced in the country, for the
second quarter was in line with the estimate it released last month. The 1pc
annual rate of decline in the second quarter compared with the first quarter was
far smaller than the 6.4pc plunge in GDP in the first three months of 2009.

The second-quarter fall was also less severe than the 1.5pcreduction predicted
by economists.

The commerce department said yesterday that consumer spending continued to be
weak but this was partially offset by strong government expenditure. Paul
Ashworth, senior US economist at Capital Economics, said that the economy was
likely to rebound over the next couple of quarters as companies, which have let
inventories run low, restock.

But he added a cautionary note: "With consumers still crippled by credit
restrictions, a legacy of high debts and high unemployment, that rebound will
take much longer to develop into a truly sustainable recovery."

However, the second quarter's slowing rate of economic contraction was further
evidence that the US is emerging from the recession it entered in December 2007.

This was underlined yesterday by the labour department, which said that new
applications for unemployment benefits fell by 10,000 to 570,000 in the week to
August 22.

The number of people collecting continuing benefits plunged by 119,000 in the
week to August 15 to 6.13 million, the smallest number of continuing claims
since the week ended April 4. Fewer Americans filed claims for jobless benefits
last week, adding to signs that the economy was pulling out of the worst
recession since the 1930s. The total number of people collecting unemployment
benefit fell to the lowest level since April.

Company staff cuts are also easing as government stimulus measures help
stabilise the housing and manufacturing industries. (©The Times,London)

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             August 28, 2009 Friday

Sentiment rises but squeeze on credit gets even tighter

SECTION: BUSINESS; European Business

LENGTH: 525 words


Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy Euro economy
Euro economy Euro economy

THE credit squeeze tightened its grip on the euro area economy last month, but
the mood of business and consumers about the outlook continues to improve.

However, the lending figures from the European Central Bank (ECB) will increase
policymakers' worries about the strength of any recovery. They show that private
sector credit in July across the eurozone was just 0.6pc higher than a year ago,
compared with growth of 1.5pc to June.

There has been no increase in lending to households over the 12 months, and
mortgage lending was 0.2pc lower than July last year. The annual growth rate of
loans to corporations decreased to 1.6pc, from 2.9pc in June. Figures for
Ireland will be published on Monday.

The figures show that businesses repaid EUR26bn in July, although this was
slightly less than the amount they paid back in June. These are total figures
and may include companies which want credit but cannot get it, combined with
others which are in a position to reduce their debts.

Assistance

ECB governors have made clear that they are in no hurry to withdraw assistance
from the economy. This includes interest rates at 0.5pc and EUR440bn lent to the
financial system in June.

The ECB Governing Council meets next Thursday and is expected to repeat this
message, along with its willingness to continue with monetary support. Last
week, President Jean Claude Trichet said recent returns to growth in France and
Germany did not mean there was not a rocky road ahead.

But the signs of recovery are helping the mood. German consumer confidence rose
to a 15-month high as falling prices boosted households' income expectations,
although the survey came before preliminary figures for August showing
unexpectedly high price rises.

"Economic pessimism is continuing to wane," the GfK thinktank said. "Inflation
is disappearing, meaning people have more money in their pocket. This leads to
rising income expectations."

Lower inflation also helped consumer confidence in Italy rise to its highest in
30 months in August. "The overall sense is that the economy is moving toward a
recovery," Paolo Mameli, an economist at Intesa Sanpaolo in Milan told Bloomberg
News.

A survey of purchasing managers by Bloomberg found that EU retail sales fell for
a 15th month in August.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

China's 2014 National Economic and Social Development

LENGTH: 10287  words


The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

The national economy performed steadily under the new normal with proactive
structure adjustment, enhanced quality and improved people's livelihood, said
the NBS.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Gas deal with Russia offers longer-term security

BYLINE: Du Juan

LENGTH: 1113  words


China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

China has signed a series of energy deals with Russia that will ensure secure
supplies for the world's second-largest economy.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Top 25 best and worst cities for Illinois homeowners

BYLINE: Kevin Hoffman, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1250 words


Sept. 21--New ranking of the best and worst places for Illinois homeowners

High taxes and home prices make Chicago one of the worst cities in Illinois to
be a homeowner, according to a new report.

The personal finance company ValuePenguin ranked 259 cities from best to worst
for home ownership in three main categories: taxes and insurance, home price,
and jobs and the economy. The group evaluated
[https://www.valuepenguin.com/best-cities-homeowners-illinois] more than a dozen
data points ranging from real estate and sales tax rates to mortgage prices and
public safety.

Homeowner insurance rates varied greatly, ranging from $1,179 in Bloomington to
$2,354 in Marion, according to ValuePenguin.

Using data from Zillow, the report found Rochelle has the cheapest median home
price per square foot at $37. The highest is in Winnetka -- one of the
wealthiest cities in the state and home of Gov. Bruce Rauner -- where the median
cost is $407.

Also considered was homeowner income. Homeowners in Lake County had the highest
median annual income of $95,080, while Alexander County homeowners' income was
$34,452, according to U.S. Census Bureau data.

At No. 246, Chicago was ranked among the worst cities to be a homeowner, largely
because of high local taxes and above-average home prices. A rank of 130 was
considered the average in each of the four categories.

As you'll see in the list below, many of the worst-ranked cities for homeowners
are in parts of the state where cost-of-living and real estate taxes are among
the highest. Conversely, places ranked as the best are located in counties with
both lower cost-of-living and local taxes, despite having weaker job markets.

Here are the Top and Bottom 25 cities in Illinois to be a homeowner, according
to ValuePenguin.

Top 25

25. Coal City

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 112

(ASTERISK) Price: 16

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 139

24. Bloomington

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 88

(ASTERISK) Price: 70

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 107

23. Mattoon

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 18

(ASTERISK) Price: 76

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 169

22. Elgin

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 125

(ASTERISK) Price: 53

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 84

21. Geneseo

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 92

(ASTERISK) Price: 5

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 163

20. Orion

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 34

(ASTERISK) Price: 8

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 214

19. Champaign

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 73

(ASTERISK) Price: 61

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 121

18. Washington

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 45

(ASTERISK) Price: 60

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 146

17. Kewanee

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 46

(ASTERISK) Price: 2

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 202

16. Pekin

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 75

(ASTERISK) Price: 13

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 161

15. Eureka

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 108

(ASTERISK) Price: 22

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 118

14. Roselle

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 86

(ASTERISK) Price: 110

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 50

13. Saint Joseph

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 70

(ASTERISK) Price: 45

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 124

12. Charleston

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 7

(ASTERISK) Price: 83

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 148

11. Teutopolis

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 11

(ASTERISK) Price: 95

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 131

10. Chester

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 22

(ASTERISK) Price: 61

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 151

9. Rantoul

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 98

(ASTERISK) Price: 15

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 120

7. Waterloo

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 78

(ASTERISK) Price: 52

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 97

7. Altamont

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 6

(ASTERISK) Price: 90

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 131

6. Alton

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 63

(ASTERISK) Price: 10

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 149

5. Effingham

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 5

(ASTERISK) Price: 94

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 122

4. Oblong

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 2

(ASTERISK) Price: 48

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 166

3. Morton

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 12

(ASTERISK) Price: 56

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 144

2. Edwardsville

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 57

(ASTERISK) Price: 24

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 123

1. Mahomet

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 44

(ASTERISK) Price: 77

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 74

Bottom 25

259. Herscher

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 164

(ASTERISK) Price: 240

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 193

257. Tonica

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 138

(ASTERISK) Price: 229

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 220

257. Momence

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 154

(ASTERISK) Price: 240

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 193

255. Lewistown

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 178

(ASTERISK) Price: 153

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 241

255. Elburn

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 194

(ASTERISK) Price: 259

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 119

254. Avon

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 175

(ASTERISK) Price: 153

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 241

253. Astoria

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 172

(ASTERISK) Price: 153

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 241

252. McCook

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 204

(ASTERISK) Price: 249

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 111

251. River Forest

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 240

(ASTERISK) Price: 244

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 79

250. Forest View

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 202

(ASTERISK) Price: 249

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 111

249. Hodgkins

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 201

(ASTERISK) Price: 249

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 111

248. Oswego

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 247

(ASTERISK) Price: 217

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 85

247. Highland Park

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 258

(ASTERISK) Price: 252

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 31

246. Chicago

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 249

(ASTERISK) Price: 180

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 109

245. Lake Forest

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 255

(ASTERISK) Price: 257

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 25

244. Vernon Hills

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 225

(ASTERISK) Price: 254

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 56

243. Havana

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 135

(ASTERISK) Price: 148

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 251

241. Plainfield

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 256

(ASTERISK) Price: 203

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 65

241. Lake Zurich

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 253

(ASTERISK) Price: 231

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 40

240. Evanston

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 194

(ASTERISK) Price: 232

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 96

239. Oak Park

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 230

(ASTERISK) Price: 193

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 98

237. Winnetka

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 238

(ASTERISK) Price: 245

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 36

237. Princeton

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 192

(ASTERISK) Price: 128

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 199

236. Byron

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 174

(ASTERISK) Price: 171

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 170

235. Yorkville

(ASTERISK) Taxes and insurance: 257

(ASTERISK) Price: 189

(ASTERISK) Jobs and economy: 64

From ValuePenguin on its methodology:

Not all data points had data available for every city. In these cases, cities
without a data figure were given a last-placed ranking in that specific
category.

We were unable to find specific data at the city or county level for utilities.
According to Electricity Local, average monthly residential electricity bill in
Illinois is $87.

Another data point we wanted to look at was income tax. Income tax is a flat
rate across the state of Illinois for all tax brackets at 3.75%, so we did not
include it.

You can see ValuePenguin's full ranking here.
[https://www.valuepenguin.com/best-cities-homeowners-illinois]

___ (c)2016 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160921-2IL-Top-25-best-and-worst-cities-for-Illinois-homeowners-20160921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2016


                               6 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Argentina peso decline warns of worsening economy

LENGTH: 358 words


People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

People turn to dollars to safeguard savings as economy contracts and inflation
surges.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2014 Andolu Ajansi
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                    The News

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Guest speaker to share his top tips

LENGTH: 285  words


The founder of a multi-million-pound children's food company, Ella's Kitchen,
has thrown his weight behind the first ever Havant Small Business Awards.

Paul Lindley will be the guest speaker at the awards ceremony, hosted by Havant
MP Alan Mak, taking place at South Downs College on Friday, April 29.

Residents have until April 1 to cast votes for their favourite small businesses
across twelve categories, from best café to best local tradesperson. Nominations
can be made via the Havant MP's official website alanmak.org.uk.

Paul Lindley said: Small businesses are the backbone of our local and national
economy, and it is great to see Alan promote them across Havant with this new
annual event.

I am delighted that Alan has asked me to speak at the first Havant Small
Business Awards, an excellent initiative that backs local businesses.'

Lindley added: Having taken my own business from a small family firm to an
international brand, I am aware of the challenges that small businesses must
face and overcome.

At Ella's Kitchen, the idea of giving better food to my children and their
generation was the simple aim, and it has carried us forward.'

Ella's Kitchen is the UK's largest baby food company and boasts worldwide annual
revenues in excess of $100million.

Paul himself was named Entrepreneur of the Year at the 2011 National Business
Awards, and the business continues to grow with Paddy's Bathroom' - a new
organic toddlers' toiletries brand named after his son.

Alan Mak said: "Ella's Kitchen is a real success story - and I look forward to
Paul coming to share his inspirational story with us at the awards ceremony at
South Downs College.'

The News is the media partner for the Havant Small Business Awards.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPNS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 22, 2014 Saturday

Daily advocates "resistance economy", privatization in Iran

LENGTH: 865 words


Text of commentary by Sa'id Laylaz: "Enhancing Economic Resistance" published by
Iranian newspaper E'temad on 17 March


The reality is that the resistance economy has no meaning other than an open
economy. [A resistance economy is] an economy through which, in the first stage,
national production capability is approximately increasing, and at the second
stage, foreign exchanges are completely balanced and equalized and there is no
longer a balance remaining, and in the third stage, the people themselves will
become invested in economic growth and wealth will be distributed in a just way.
The people will strongly defend their government, and I am convinced that these
three concepts are characteristics of the "resistance economy." In reality, the
resistance economy is an open economy in which the government, as a powerful
observer, prevents rent-seeking.

In other words, the resistance economy is an open economy that has been
deregulated, but at the same time with a government that acts as an observer,
not a government that seeks to take control. A government that acts as a
powerful observer can prevent violations against the rights of the people and
rent-seeking, and will not give special concessions to anyone. In reality, the
mutual interactions of this economy with the world will be such that sanctions
against the economy will have no profits for the outside world. In the affairs
of the sanctioning of Iran, we have witnessed that some countries are given
exceptions from Iran sanctions. It was not the case that America was interested
in granting exceptions from Iran sanctions to the countries of Turkey, South
Korea, China, and India; rather, the issue was that the dependence of these
countries upon Iran's economy was such that there was no possibility for these
countries to follow America's orders. They call this type of economy a
resistance economy, under conditions in which the public are to an extent
interested in preserving their economic and social situation, and to a degree
they feel participation in the political and economic decisions, so that they do
not allow the foreigners to make threats against our country. Meanwhile, this
type of economy is very powerful and open. The situation is such that pursuing
that type of economy creates an atmosphere on the international scene within
which no one gives themselves the permission to sanction Iran. In simpler terms,
the resistance economy is an economy that is managed in a rational way. On the
other hand, experience has proven that Iran cannot join any one of the global
camps on the scene of foreign policy or serve as a dependent country; hence, it
is forced to maintain such a powerful economy that it can function as an
honorable and independent economy. This author considers the resistance economy
an economy in which efficiency is taken into consideration at the first stage.
If the resistance economy means an open economy, we must encourage the economy
in the direction of liberalization, deregulation, a reduction in government
enterprise, an increase in the participation of the true private sector, and a
reduction in rent-seeking. We must take practical steps. We must convince the
semi-governmental institutions of the country to take their hands off of the
economy so that through this path, monopolies will be broken up. Of course, let
it not remain unsaid that across the entire world, from Britain and America to
China and Russia, liberalization or privatization is not achievable until the
point when it has transformed into a need. Therefore, privatization must be
transformed into a necessary and inevitable need. All of these things will occur
when our oil income has decreased. If oil income increases, all of these
institutions will once again take their places. If oil income does not decrease,
the resistance economy, even if it is achieved within this country, will not
remain persistently, and with the first breeze of an increase in oil revenues,
everything will fall apart; such that all of the achievements of the Hashemi
[Rafsanjani] and [Mohammad] Khatami governments will be broken up with the first
increase in oil revenue. We must pay attention so that the role of the
government in the open economy becomes smaller, but at the same time, from the
viewpoint of guidance and direction, it should be very strong and powerful. The
government can organize regulations in such an economy so that private sectors -
whether domestic or foreign - are interested in investment in the economy. The
resistance economy in this definition will not only not cause an increase in
government expenditures, but in addition, it will produce very high profits for
the government. On the other hand, [the economy] should not become negligent
about its social commitments, because in an open economy, the development of
inequality is an inevitable phenomenon, and this inequality will make societal
groups dissatisfied. But in any case, and despite being face-to-face with these
issues, we must create a resistance economy. [A resistance economy] will be an
economy through which a clear vision will be mapped out for the country.

Source: E'temad website, Tehran, in Persian 21 Mar 14

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday

Magic figure of shadow economy

LENGTH: 923 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, June 22 -- Shamsul Huq Zahid

The finance division of the government has come out with magic figures for the
size of country's shadow or black or underground or grey or clandestine or
parallel - one has every liberty to give it a name which one deems fit -
economy.

According to the 'analysis' made by the division, the country's shadow economy
in the year 2010 was equivalent to a size lying somewhere in between 45 per cent
and 81 per cent of its gross domestic product (GDP) for that year.

The division prefers to call the estimates (or guesstimates) as projections. If
the projections were true, the country's a shadow economy was, roughly, worth
more than $ 50 billion or $100 billion in 2010.

The reasons for the projections, made through the econometric analysis which,
reportedly, used Currency-Demand Approach, varying very widely remains
unexplained. The analyses of shadow economies of many other developed and
developing countries made earlier had never varied so wildly. Those usually
varied between 4.0 per cent and 20 per cent in most cases.

In fact there is no uniform or one-size-fits-all formula for measuring the size
of the shadow economy of a country, nor is there a precise definition of shadow
economy. A number of economists are of the opinion that in the absence of
concept of shadow economy in economic theory, any attempt to dig out a magic
figure is just meaningless.

Yet there have been efforts to measure the size of the shadow or black economy
in many countries, both developed and developing. And the most widely-used
methods for the purpose have been (a) measurement of self-reported participation
in shadow economic activities and (b) measurement of discrepancies between
expected level of demand or receipts ( such as electricity, currency or tax
revenue) and actual use of goods or services (Source: The Shadow Economy
authored by Matthew H. Fleming, John Roman and Graham Farrel).

The finance division is claimed to have followed the second approach.

There is no denying that with their economies growing, most developing countries
facing the problem of expanding shadow economies and Bangladesh has not been any
exception.

Based on its findings, the finance division has made observations that excessive
wealth is being accumulated in the hands of a few, giving rise to social
inequalities and it also traced a link between the shadow economy and the
abnormal rise in land and stock prices in recent times. In fact, one does not
have to take the trouble of doing research on the developments mentioned above.
Even common men do have the same feeling.

The finance division has, however, rightly underscored the need for bringing the
shadow economy within the fold of the mainstream economy. Since the shadow
economy remains outside the national income statistics it is very difficult to
get a true picture of the national economy. Moreover, policy responses of the
government tend to be inappropriate because of insufficient national income
statistics.

But how can, at least, a major part of the shadow economy be brought into the
mainstream economy? It is easy to mention a magic figure for the size of the
shadow economy but it is really hard to facilitate the diversion of funds from
shadow economy to formal economy.

Both definitional and behavioural approaches divide the shadow economy into four
broadly comparable components-- criminal, irregular, household and informal
sectors. The criminal part of the underground economy is always difficult to
dislodge but right kind of policies might help to woo some portions of other
three components to the formal economy.

But the policymakers here do need to ponder why the size of the shadow economy
is growing bigger and bigger. In fact the expansion of the shadow economy does
suggest that the current economic policies, such as tax and regulatory measures
are flawed or inappropriate or burdensome. Its size is also very much linked to
regulatory efficiency or inefficiency.

Another important element-- political patronization-- plays a very important
role in the growth of the shadow economy. If individuals or business entities
can manage undue support and protection from the power-that-be in their bid to
amass wealth irregularly, there should be no reason for the shadow economy not
to grow in an unbridled pace.

A large shadow economy also poses a danger to the macro-economic stability and
efficiency of the formal regulatory institutions of a country. The propensity to
transfer funds outside the country by big operators gets momentum when the
shadow economy grows beyond control.

Finance division in its study report has put great emphasis on bringing the
shadow economy within the fold of formal economic activities and cited a few
unsuccessful steps, including tax-holiday facility and the opportunity to whiten
black money, initiated in the past to make it happen. But it could hardly
suggest alternatives.

Most developed economies do also have shadow economies but they are relatively
small in size. What seems to be most importantelement to tackle the problem of
shadow economy in a country like Bangladesh is good governance which broadly
encompasses the performance of organs of the state, oversight bodies and
regulatory institutions. Ensuring that within a short span time appears to be
too distant a dream.

Zahidmar10@gmail.com Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
Financial Express. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 15, 1992 Friday
                                  Late Edition

CASH ECONOMY POINTS TO HUGE TAX EVASION;
ECONOMICS EXTRA

BYLINE: Michael Stutchbury

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 782 words


IT has been called the cash economy, the black economy, the hidden economy, the
shadow economy or the underground economy.

It is economic production and income which escapes official measurement and tax
assessment because it involves undeclared cash payments or illegal activities.

Odd job people, construction workers, babysitters and car mechanics are all
typical parts of the undeclared cash economy, along with illegal economic
activities such the illicit drug trade and bribery of government officials.

The cash economy is well suited to service industries, where no goods change
hands. Its apparent growth over the past several decades in response is
typically explained by the incentive to evade rising tax levels and encroaching
government regulations, including minimum award wages.

Different studies have put Australia's black economy at between 5 and 13 per
cent of measured gross domestic product in the late 1970s and early 1980s. In
countries such as Greece and Italy, the black economy has been estimated to be
as high as 40 per cent of the "observed" economy.

The Federal Opposition suggests that the black economy accounts for 10 per cent
of measured Australian GDP - or about $40 billion. It suggests that its proposed
15 per cent goods and services tax conservatively would produce around a $1
billion "fiscal dividend" by taxing "tax cheats" as they spend(rather than earn)
their "black cash".

However, the cash economy is inherently difficult to measure as it is driven by
a desire for anonymity and concealment. Some studies have simply asked a sample
of people to reveal their involvement in the black economy. Others have
extrapolated from detected tax evaders to an overall estimate of the black
economy.

But, in a new study * , a senior economics tutor at the University of Melbourne,
Glen Hepburn, has used the alternative "monetary" technique to estimate the size
of the cash economy over the past four decades.

Hepburn measures the cash economy, defined as the use of cash to evade personal
income tax, by analysising the total amount of cash in the economy.

The attraction of cash as a means of exchange in the black economy is that it
tends to leave less trace as it passes from hand to hand. But this means that
more cash - notes and coin - is in circulation than is needed to finance the
observed economy.

Hepburn estimates an econometric model to statistically explain how different
factors - such as per capita incomes, interest rates and income tax- influence
the demand for currency.

Not surprisingly, the rising rate of income tax over the past 40 years is found
to be a statistically significant influence on the demand for cash.

The increase in the average tax rate from 10 per cent of income in the 1950s to
23 per cent at the end of the 1980s has increased the incentive for people to
use the cash economy to evade tax.

Armed with an estimate of "tax induced currency holdings", Hepburn then
estimates the amount of income and production that this finances in the cash
economy. He assumes that the cash economy has a similar money "velocity" - or
turnover - to that in the observed economy.

On this basis, he finds that, after falling in the 1950s, the cash economy has
steadily expanded from just over 3 per cent of GDP in the early 1960s to 7-8 per
cent in the late 1980s.

Hepburn's most recent estimate of the cash economy - 7.3 per cent of GDP in
1989-90 - is equivalent to $27 billion. Using average income tax rates for that
year, this suggests that the cash economy allowed $6.2 billion of income tax to
be evaded.

As with other techniques for measuring the hidden economy, the monetary
technique used by Hepburn has its limitations.

It does not measure the part of the underground economy which does not require
cash transactions - such as the exaggeration of tax deductible expenses or
barter transactions.

And, although Hepburn's cash equation is "stable" and "fits" the data, it is not
clear how well it has coped with the financial deregulation in the 1980s or
recent government attempts to clamp down on the cash economy. Recent measures
such as tougher identification requirements for opening bank deposits have
actually increased the demand for cash as a store of value.

However, Hepburn's study confirms casual observation that the cash economy has
grown to substantial proportions over the past few decades in line with the
increase in income tax.

This is both inequitable and inefficient because it artificially tips the
economy's playing field in favour of those people or activities which can most
easily avoid paying tax.

* New Estimates of Cash-Based Income Tax Evasion in Australia, University of
Melbourne, Department of Economics, Research Paper 323.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: The cash economy % of GDP, June years Source: Hepburn

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1992 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                               May 6, 2012 Sunday

Resilience of Asia

BYLINE: By Dilip K. Das The continuing sovereign debt crisis in the eurozone and
prolongation of an anaemic, erratic and jobless recovery in the U.S. during 2011
has had a decelerating effect on the Asian economy and the global economy more
generally. Economic and financial woes in the U.S. and the EU, two of the
largest economies in the world, were the cause of enormous uncertainties and
financial stress in the global economy leading to a decline in the global GDP
growth. While the Asian economies certainly felt the severity of the problematic
economic and financial issues in these two economies, their relatively sound
fundamentals moderated the negative impact of the crisis in the region. Private
consumption in Asian economies is trending up. Asian economies are supported by
rising domestic consumption in maintaining a healthy GDP growth in spite of the
eurozone crisis. They appear to be making a structural shift towards sustainable
growth premised on domestic demand instead of exports. The dynamic Asian
economies played a stabilizing role during the global financial crisis. They
provided a pull force to the global economy. They could again have a stabilizing
effect over the global economy and financial markets, which were rocked by the
eurozone sovereign crisis. When the crisis struck, fundamentals in the Asian
economies were strong and sound. As a result the Asian economies were not
vulnerable. The region was able to endure the crisis without suffering from a
serious downturn, albeit downside risks persisted even at the beginning of the
second quarter of 2012. Due to a challenging global environment, the growth
momentum of the Asian economies, including China, no doubt diminished, but the
slowdown was benign. Asian economies were affected by two transmission channels,
financial and trade. Notwithstanding the pruning of GDP growth projections for
2012, forecasts by institutions of global economic and financial governance
showed that the Asian economies were likely to have a healthy GDP growth. This
group of economies was resilient during the global financial crisis and
continued to be so during the eurozone crisis that was not resolved until the
second quarter of 2012. There were preliminary indications that in most Asian
economies the GDP slowdown was bottoming out at the beginning of the second
quarter of 2012. During 2011, Asian policymakers were, inter alia, having to
grapple with menacing rates of inflation. Inflation remained worryingly high in
early 2011. There were two factors stoking the inflationary fires - first,
firmness in global commodity prices and second, sustained domestic demand
pressures. Firming food prices were also an important driver of inflation in
many Asian economies. Even after the world market commodity prices lowered,
inflationary pressures persisted. Given the persisting high inflation rates, in
most Asian economies real interest rates turned negative. Also, in the face of
global uncertainties Asian central banks could not hike interest rates,
something they would normally have resorted to in the absence of the persisting
uncertainties in the global economy. Given the openness, interdependence and
global and regional integration of the Asian economies, it was only natural that
the external shocks would affect the region. However, the Asian economies have
withstood the crisis. Due to a challenging global environment, the growth
momentum of the Asian economies, including China, has slowed, but the slowdown
was not fatal. An important point is that the sound foundations of the Asian
economies provided a cushion against negative effects. Strong domestic demand
continued to support the Asian economies. This variable had a meaningful role in
protecting Asian economies from the eurozone crisis and ameliorating the
severity of its impact. They were better prepared to face the crisis than the
other regions of the global economy. The sovereign debt crisis began in Greece
in May 2010 and until the second quarter of 2012, it was far from resolved.
Along with the eurozone crisis, prolongation of an anaemic, erratic and a
jobless recovery in the U.S. during 2011 had a profound effect on the global
economy as well as the Asian economy. Some eurozone economies and their
financial markets were badly affected by the global financial crisis. Many
Mediterranean members of the EU were highly indebted. By early 2010, there was a
serious question mark on the sustainability trajectory of the public finances,
particularly fiscal imbalances, in this group of economies. This concern assumed
crisis proportions in the second half of 2010. Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal
and Spain spent a good part of 2011 in a precarious financial and economic
state, adversely affecting not only the eurozone but also the ongoing global
economic recovery. Among the basic causes behind the crisis were an unsound
macroeconomic framework and excessive borrowing by governments. Also, the
eurozone banking system was heavily leveraged. Other than this, some of the
long-term causal factors included poor budgetary policies, lax fiscal management
and overspending derived from the availability of cheap credit in several
eurozone economies. There were also long-standing structural deficits or
structural rigidities in the labor and product markets of many Mediterranean
economies. Attempts to resolve them were either slow or inapt. Due to these
long-term limitations, several southern economies of the eurozone have suffered
from a long-term loss of competitiveness. In this crisis scenario, there were
multiple exacerbating crises in many of the EU economies, which were also
interrelated. The institutional structure to deal with the crisis was deficient.
Policy coordination among the 17 disparate countries proved to be more difficult
than ever visualized by those who conceived the economic and monetary union. A
lack of credible policy action from the EU and member governments sapped the
confidence of households, businesses and financial institutions. Misdiagnosis of
the real troubles and lack of political will rendered solutions difficult.
Political leaders continuously disagreed and wrangled. The risk to the global
economy and financial markets was high, particularly in late 2011. At this
juncture, the eurozone crisis posed the biggest menace to the global economy.
There was a real danger of a double-dip recession. The contagion engendered by
these multiple crises was taking its toll on global and regional economies. In
September 2011, the Global Financial Stability Report gave its first negative
assessment since September 2008. Recovery from the global financial crisis had
slowed and become fragile. Asian economies are aptly known for their resilience.
However, growth rates of the Asian economies can be reasonably expected to
moderate in the short term as a result of the eurozone crisis. This deceleration
in growth will largely be caused by the deteriorating outlook for Asian exports
to the EU as well as the effects through the financial channels. During the last
decade foreign participation in the Asian financial markets has increased
steadily. This exposed Asia's financial sector to the volatilities in the
international capital markets. Towards the end of 2011, net flows of private
capital to Asia stopped completely. Setbacks to the global economy had a strong
detrimental effect on multilateral trade. International trade began slowing
globally in the latter half of 2011. In 2012 it is projected to decelerate
further to 3.7 percent. In the last quarter of 2011, several dynamic Asian
exporters recorded steep decelerations in their export growth rate. This
deceleration has continued in 2012. These two factors essentially had a
deteriorating impact on the GDP growth rate in Asia. However, due to the lower
vulnerability of the Asian economies, the slowdown in growth momentum has been
moderate. Asian economies began well in 2011 and maintained their growth
momentum during the first half, although the same cannot be said of the second
half. Asian economies began to be affected by the eurozone crisis and financial
strains elsewhere in the global economy. The World Economic Outlook Update of
January 2012 forecasted a deceleration of the global economy in 2012 to 3.3
percent. However, in April 2012 it was revised marginally upward to 3.5 percent.
The GDP growth rate for the Asian economies was also revised downward, but only
slightly. GDP growth in China moderated to 6.8 percent in the last quarter of
2011 and further down to 6.1 percent in the first quarter of 2012. This was the
worst quarterly growth since the Asian crisis of 1997 and 1998. Notwithstanding
the crisis, Asia's economies have by and large been able to continue with a
healthy growth rate. Dilip K. Das is professor of international economics and
international finance and Director of the Institute of Asian business (IAB),
SolBridge International School of Business, Woosong University in Daejeon.

LENGTH: 9 words


WIll the region weather European crisis in second half?

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

S'pore and small economies in a changing tide;
Small advanced economies are performing more poorly than before. Their
performance portends an era of slow growth, high volatility for the global
economy.

BYLINE: David Skilling ForThe Straits Times

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1365 words


Singapore's growth rates are slowing, with a range of forecasters marking down
their growth estimates. The Ministry of Trade and Industry recently narrowed its
forecast 2015 growth rate to 2 to 2.5 per cent, and the Asian Development Bank
forecast a growth rate for Singapore of 2.1 per cent for this year.

There is increasing talk of a technical recession - two consecutive quarters of
negative growth - this year after a quarterly GDP growth reading of minus 4 per
cent in the June quarter.

To understand some of the key drivers of this performance and the Singapore
economic outlook, it is useful to look at the recent experience of the group of
small advanced economies, which are selected advanced economies with populations
of less than 10 million.

It is striking that after a sustained period of strong performances by small
advanced economies relative to their larger economy peers and a generally
effective small-economy response to the global financial crisis, small advanced
economy growth rates over the past few years have been distinctly sluggish.

From an average growth rate of about 4 per cent in the 15 years between 1993 and
2007, growth in a 13-strong group of small advanced economies was about 2.5 per
cent in the June 2015 quarter.

The weak small advanced economy performance over the past few years may be the
first indications of a different global economic regime - with lower, more
volatile growth and weaker cross-border flows. Small advanced economies are
again functioning as the canaries in the mine of the global economy.

With a few exceptions, growth rates in each small advanced economy under the
International Monetary Fund grouping are lower this year than in 2011. And in
many of these economies, there has been a loss of growth momentum over the past
several quarters.

COUNTRY-SPECIFIC REASONS

In each small country, there are specific factors that can explain part of this
slowdown: reduced external demand from Asia and economic restructuring in
Singapore; lower commodity prices in New Zealand; the effect of Nokia and
Russian sanctions in Finland; or the high Swiss franc in Switzerland.

But an interesting aspect of small advanced economy performance since 2011 is
how little performance variation there is across small countries despite these
different specific exposures.

My interpretation is that the consistently weaker small-country performance
reflects a more challenging global economic environment for small advanced
economies.

Perhaps most obviously, the global export growth on which many small advanced
economies are reliant has weakened significantly over the past several years.
Indeed, world trade growth was negative for the first half of this year. Lower
external demand is exerting a drag on GDP growth across this group. This is
clearly apparent in Singapore, with very weak external demand from key export
markets reported over the past year.

In addition, global macro conditions have been challenging for many of these
economies.

Loose monetary policy in the US, Europe and Japan has placed upward pressure on
small-country exchange rates - and has also made it challenging to run monetary
policy in a way that fits domestic conditions. And labour productivity growth
seems to have weakened across many small advanced economies in the past several
years - perhaps partly as a consequence of weaker export growth.

Because such are acutely exposed to global economic developments, this weak
performance suggests problems with the underlying strength of the global
economy.

NO RETURNING TO PRE-CRISIS GROWTH

The key message from small advanced economies is that the global economy is soft
and that recovery is still a way off. This is consistent with the recent
downward revisions of global growth forecasts.

For example, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) revised its 2015 global
growth forecast down in July to 3.3 per cent (from the 3.4 per cent forecast in
April), and recently suggested that this forecast will be revised lower again.

Overall, small advanced economies have struggled to return to pre-crisis growth
rates.

Singapore's recent growth experience is in line with other small advanced
economies. It is a much tougher global economic environment in which to generate
growth.

In addition, I believe that this weaker small advanced economy performance is
also saying something about the medium-term outlook for the global economy.

In particular, the weak small advanced economy performance over the past few
years may be the first indications of a different global economic regime, with
lower, more volatile growth and weaker cross-border flows.

Small advanced economies are again functioning as the canaries in the mine of
the global economy.

Throughout history, there has been a strong relationship between the performance
of small countries and the strength of the global economy. Small countries
perform much better in periods of strong global growth and globalisation.

Indeed, small countries - with Singapore in the vanguard - have outperformed
larger countries over the past 25 years. But the outlook for small advanced
economies over the next several years looks to be much less positive.

As one measure of this, it is useful to consider the growth rate differential
between small and large advanced economies.

Between 1990 and 2007, average growth rates in small advanced economies were
higher by about 0.9 per cent a year. But the size of this differential has been
markedly lower since 2011, by about half a percentage point.

And IMF forecasts suggest that the small advanced economy growth premium will
remain at this lower level for the next several years. Such a low growth
differential has not been observed on a sustained basis for a few decades before
the start of the process of intense globalisation.

BLEAK OUTLOOK

The historical relationship between small-country performance and the state of
the global economy means that the erosion of small advanced economy
overperformance can be taken as a negative signal on the global economic
outlook.

Indeed, previous periods of poor small advanced economy performance relative to
larger countries have coincided with weak global economic conditions.

The signal from the small- country experience is for weak global growth rates,
and with significant downside risk (including the possibility of a global growth
recession).

My sense is that small advanced economies are picking up the effects of a
turning tide in the underlying dynamics of the global economy. Governments,
firms and investors should not expect a return to the economic conditions that
prevailed prior to the crisis.

This will be a much more demanding environment for small advanced economies to
generate growth in.

Small advanced economies will need to act to create growth potential in a low
global growth environment, as well as act to manage risk exposures in what will
likely be a more turbulent economic environment. Small countries that do not do
this are likely to experience sustained poor performance. There will be limited
margin for error.

Singapore, as a highly open economy, is very exposed to these global dynamics
and should expect growth headwinds.

But Singapore has many things in place to cope with this environment
(substantial reserves, a competitive economy and so on) and has responded
effectively to previous global economic changes. Even so, Singapore will need to
be on its toes.

Overall, this recent small advanced economy experience suggests that structural
changes are under way in the global economy. And because seas can become choppy
in a turning tide, governments, firms and investors need to brace for economic
turbulence. To an even greater extent than previously, strategic foresight,
resilience and agility will be needed for small country success.

·The writer is the director of Landfall Strategy Group, a Singapore-based
economic research and advisory firm.

The weak small advanced economy performance over the past few years may be the
first indications of a different global economic regime - with lower, more
volatile growth and weaker cross-border flows. Small advanced economies are
again functioning as the canaries in the mine of the global economy.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

Hardline daily outlines Iran security official's "resistance economy" solution

LENGTH: 1499 words


Text of unattributed Report, quoting Tasnim news agency's account of a speech by
a top security official, entitled: "The liberals have occupied economic
strongholds", published by hardline Iranian online daily Javan on 9 March

Most of our economic strongholds have been occupied by liberalist thought and
its relation to the resistance economy is like a red rag to a bull [idiom
literally meaning "like a demon and the name of God"; in total contrast]. This
statement was made by Ali Shamkhani, secretary of the Supreme National Security
Council [SNSC], yesterday in the resistance economy conference.

Tasnim news agency reported that Shamkhani began his speech with an anecdote on
the war with Iraq and said, "In the initial days of the war, we had no more than
three approaches to confront Saddam. One was to surrender and give away
kilometres [of land] of the country as, at the time, Saddam had reached Ahwaz
and requested a ceasefire. Shamkhani said that another approach was b uying
tanks and equipment, "but considering the conditions of the country and the lack
of financial resources, it was impractical and therefore the Iranian nation
chose the third approach because, at that time, they would not even give us
barbed wire."

He referred to the people's power and how it could be used to confront a
violation and said, "This made it possible to purge the enemy. In the war room,
the authorities chose the third option, which was considered to be difficult and
impossible, and today this approach must be considered, and that is the way of
resistance."

Destructive Consequences of War and Economy

Shamkhani described the difference between war and the economy as deadly and
destructive [as published] and said: "War has gunpowder sound, artillery,
airplanes, and corpses; in economy, destroying infrastructure, bridges and
buildings can be mentioned." Shamkhani clarified: "Backwardness is no different
from economic destruction, and the difference between war and the economy is
that war is easily tangible, whereas the economy is not."

The SNSC secretary underlined [the concept of] consensus in solving economic
problems and said: "In the economy, consensus can be reached and this is
possible with delay, but this delay is harmful. Most of our economic strongholds
have been occupied by liberalist thought and its relation to resistance economy
is like a red rag to a bull." Shamkhani continued: "We succeeded in war. And in
the economic scene, we need the same directors. Of course the question in my
mind is why the economy should be the first and most important factor in
national security today." He explained: "In the modern era, the economy has
always been a determinant factor, though today its presence has become the most
important factor and the reason is clear: it is the economy and its threats that
exist, and that is why most of our weaknesses lie in the economy." [as
published]

Shamkhani continued: "The vulnerability and reaction of economic variables are a
lot faster than other reactions, and today the economy is the premier demand of
the Supreme Leader and all the people of Islamic Iran." Stating that today the
economy is a component of the country's national security, he added that "Iran's
resources and geographical location and its two vast shores, special crops,
petroleum, the young generation and Iranian beliefs must be utilized for
production potentials." The SNSC secretary went on: "We must use our experience
with the economy in the eight-year holy war as a national resource. We have
drawn up the fourth, fifth and sixth development plans for 2025. Still, the
proportion of these resources to the attainment of these goals is not
considerable enough, and we have to challenge ourselves."

Resistance Economy; Only Prescription for Solving Problems

Shamkhani believes that resistance economy is the prescription and solution to
all economic problems and added: "We must pursue the policies of resistance
economy and the most important and prioritized issue in the system is solving
economic problems. We are suffering from a cycle. If it persists, we will
witness other cycles of poverty, oppression, accumulation of unaccounted debt,
and corruption."

He explained: "In the leader's view, resistance economy is extrajudicial, and
all the sectors must strive for its realization so that its feedback can return
to the society." The secretary said that the only way out of the current
situation is implementing the policies of resistance economy; he added: "For
years we quarrelled about it and the quarrels still exist; whether the
free-market economy of Keynes and Adam Smith is suitable for the country or, as
some say, a socialist economy. And indeed, some talk about an Islamic economy
which has no clear definition, but a resistance economy has put an end to all
these arguments."

He continued: "A resistance economy is an end to all intellectual questions and
positions. At this stage we do not accept the resistance economy in the way that
it has been classified in society, just as we do not accept [classifications
like] Principle-ist and Reformist. Just like the people showed in the war and
ousting the Shah 37 years ago, they want to defend their independence.
Independence, freedom and Islamic Republic was the first slogan of the nation
which the people still defend. The only place independence can be crippled is
the economy, and in this case, 'Principle-ism' and 'Reformism' have no meaning."

The secretary of the SNSC stated: "Independence in the economy signifies loyalty
to the Imam, the system and the blood of the martyrs, and whoever chooses the
resistance economy has acted in defence of Iran."

Tax Evasion Doubles the Oil Revenues

Referring to interaction and dependence, Shamkhani said: "These two are
different, just like being a revolutionary and violator are different. We must
concentrate on our domestic strength to implement the 24 articles of the
resistance economy to establish independence and make a model of Iran for the
future. He also stated that the resistance economy's orientation conflicts with
lawlessness, saying that "one of the goals of resistance economy policies is
fighting corruption, and I hope that in 2016 we can move in this direction."

The secretary pointed to the amount of tax evasion being twice the amount of oil
revenues and said: "The focus of a resistance economy is an endogenous
development emphasizing the domestic capacities and strength, as well as
reducing the oil revenues' share in the budget. Of course, with the decrease in
global oil prices, we were compelled to quickly reduce our dependence on oil."

Shamkahni said: "We have to move towards maximum manufacturing and sales of
products." [as published] He added that "those who caused the oil prices to
decrease so our country would suffer are now themselves befallen with reduced
prices, just as they created DA'ISH [Arabic acronym for ISIL] to threaten our
borders. But now, ISIL has moved towards their borders.

We Must Go Beyond Slogans and Banners

The secretary referred to the fact that two years have passed since the
announcement of a resistance economy.

"Immediate and quick actions are impossible in the economy, but we have to go
beyond slogans and banners," he said. "The government is the helmsman of the
resistance economy and the axis of its implementation, and all of us must
support the government."

Shamkhani added: "All of us, including the university, the seminary, leaders of
Friday prayers, members of parliament and so on, have a role in the realization
of resistance economy goals, and we must make an effort to implement the
policies of the resistance economy so we can witness the production of wealth in
the country. Of course, for a resistance economy to be realized, productivity
should also increase."

The secretary counted fighting corruption and all-out support for exports and
services as other necessary measures to be taken and said: "Diversity must be
created in the country's exports to achieve our position; we must also prepare
the conditions for the materialization of the vision document [of the
development plan] from the current conditions. For example, today we can be
present in the Russian market or we can take other such measures."

Shamkhani emphasized: "To strengthen a jihadi culture in the economy, to clarify
the distribution and executive system of the country, and to realize the
scientific map of an Islamic Iran, we still have a long way ahead of us. The
industrial, service and banking sectors of the country must be transformed."

He said that the economic problems of the country stem from sanctions, policies
and structures and "in order to overcome poverty, we need to correct economic
policies, and structures must be reformed so we can move towards a people's
economy, and these are national priorities."

Finally, the SNSC secretary said: "We have to put away our quarrels and pursue
the resistance economy as our ultimate goal."

Source: Javan, Tehran, in Persian 0000 gmt 9 Mar 16

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

DIEDC to launch report on Islamic economy for 2014

LENGTH: 592 words


Study has gained industry-wide attention regionally, globally

The Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre, or DIEDC, in partnership with
Thomson Reuters, have announced that the State of the Global Islamic Economy
Report 2014 will be launched this December.

The report will present new insights into the development of the Islamic
economy, particularly focusing on key players, geographic trends and the
challenges and opportunities in each segment of the Islamic economy.

The report will also highlight key local and global findings of the Global
Islamic Economy Indicator, or GIEI, a numeric measure representing the overall
health and growth of the Islamic economy. An independent multi-dimensional
barometer, the GIEI defines the development of the global Islamic economy beyond
the growth of its assets, focusing on awareness, governance and social metrics.

Mohammed Abdullah Al Gergawi, chairman of the DIEDC board, said: "The UAE, and
more specifically, Dubai's Capital of Islamic economy model, mandates us to
assume a leadership role in developing knowledge and cultivating an
understanding of the Islamic economy and the various forces driving its growth.
The 2014 State of the Global Islamic Economy report provides fresh insight into
the challenges and opportunities emerging within economic sectors that are
critical to the long term prosperity of Muslim majority countries and the wider
global economy."

Commissioned by the DIEDC, the 2013 edition of the State of the Global Islamic
Economy Report that was also developed in association with Thomson Reuters was a
ground-breaking report that, for the first time, took a holistic view of the
global Islamic economy across the seven key Islamic economy sectors,
highlighting the convergence opportunities globally. The report, which was
launched at the Global Islamic Economy Summit in Dubai in November 2013,
received industry-wide attention regionally and globally and has been used as a
reference point for understanding the impact of the Islamic economy on the
global economy.

His Excellency Essa Kazim, secretary-general of the DIEDC, said: "The State of
the Global Islamic Economy Report 2014 will be a guiding tool for all
stakeholders and investors to further understand the huge economic potential, as
well as the challenges of building an Islamic economy hub. The findings of the
2014 report will define a new wave of opportunities for commerce within the
Islamic economy."

Abdulla Mohammed Al Awar, chief executive officer of the DIEDC, said: "The State
of the Global Islamic Economy Report 2014 will catalogue the developments that
have taken place within the Islamic economy over the past 12 months, as well as
providing a comprehensive picture of the important trends that are gathering
momentum across the full spectrum of the Islamic economy. I am confident that
its findings will help facilitate investments and industry growth, providing a
solid framework for businesses to assess and evaluate market opportunities for
each sector of the Islamic economy."

The State of the Global Islamic Economy Report 2014 is expected to reinforce the
growth opportunities in the Islamic economy, particularly in the finance, halal
and lifestyle segments. Growth of Islamic financial assets continues to outstrip
growth of conventional financial assets at 15-20 per cent per annum and is
predicted to hit $2 trillion in 2015. Meanwhile, global expenditure by Muslims
on halal food and lifestyle products is forecast to grow by 65 per cent by 2018,
to reach $2.46 trillion.

-- business@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                            February 4, 2003 Tuesday

Revising stereotypes of Maori economy

BYLINE: By COLIN JAMES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Economy; Nz

LENGTH: 1867 words


Stop thinking about Maori in the economy, which can be depressing. Start
thinking about the Maori economy, which has been doing well and has lots of
potential.

That is the essential message in a report by the Institute of Economic Research
(NZIER) to be released today, which radically rethinks the stereotypes.

The report - for Te Puni Kokiri (the Ministry of Maori Development) - uses much
the same tools to analyse the "Maori economy" as for a national economy.

This turns on its head the usual approach of "asking how Maori can achieve an
equal status within the New Zealand economy", says NZIER director Alex Sundakov,
and instead asks "of the Maori economy the same question we would ask of other
economies: what can and should be done to accelerate its economic development
compared with its past performance?

"This allows us to refocus from the relative economic position of Maori
individuals to the performance of the Maori economy and its ability to achieve
Maori aspirations for culturally specific, self-determined development."

This approach has led to some startling conclusions, and some that will come as
no surprise. (See box)

The NZIER defines the Maori economy as "all those businesses and transactions
where 'Maoriness' matters" and "includes the activities based on collectively
owned Maori assets, the businesses of the self-employed who identify as Maori,
commercial transactions involving Maori culture, services oriented to specific
Maori needs (notably, on behalf of the Government in social services) as well as
housing owned by Maori". That excludes Maori labour in the general economy,
except as it feeds back to the Maori economy.

Data on many of these activities are hard to come by so the NZIER has in effect
guesstimated their contribution, in most cases "applying a proportion to the
national activity" for an industry. This will provide fertile ground for
dispute. But it also helps make the report's case for much more statistical work
to be done. The report wants Maori development in Government thinking to escape
from an "entrenched view of Maori issues being a form of social and Treaty risk
management".

The NZIER estimates the Maori economy at 1.4 per cent of the whole New Zealand
economy, a fraction of Maoris' percentage of the population and also of Maoris'
10 per cent of total consumption.

Thus Maori "export" labour and capital to the general economy. Only about $300
million of $4.3 billion earned by Maori is earned in the Maori economy. The rest
is earned in the general economy and is akin to the "remittances from abroad"
which emigrants from developing nations working in rich countries send back to
relatives.

The report finds the Maori economy is concentrated in agriculture (7.4 per cent
of the country's total output) and fishing (37 per cent of quota). Maori account
for 7 per cent of home ownership. These three account for three-quarters of the
Maori economy.

But Maori "also have important production interests in commercial and
residential property investing, television, motion picture and radio services,
education and health" and some tourism, in which Maori have the advantage of "a
global demand for authentic cultural experiences". These activities are partly
an outgrowth of the cultural revival in recent decades.

Thus, compared with the general economy, the Maori economy is "weighted
disproportionately to primary and service sectors, with little manufacturing".

And this, the NZIER says, is no bad thing. The Maori economy is more profitable
than the general economy (2 per cent of the country's operating surplus earned
from only 1.4 per cent of the value-added), though some of that difference
arises because the Maori economy does not have a government sector as the
general economy does.

From this higher profitability - due also to a low debt-equity ratio and high
labour productivity - the Maori economy generates a higher savings rate - which
makes Maori "net lenders to the rest of New Zealand". That net lending is
"greater than the net fiscal inflows", a finding few would expect.

Even more unexpected is the finding that Maori households are not a drag on the
national budget: "While Maori households receive $2.3 billion in fiscal
transfers, this is offset by a tax contribution of $2.4 billion."

The peculiar makeup of the Maori economy makes it more exposed to international
forces than the economy generally (2.5 per cent of exports, well above the 1.4
per cent the total Maori economy represents of the total general economy). "No
longer are Maori a subset of the New Zealand economy. They are a subset of the
international economy."

As a result, since 1997, when exports generally have done well, the Maori
economy has done better than New Zealand as a whole.

But the Maori economy is also, as a result of its exposure, more volatile. So
its openness "presents important opportunities and challenges for the future,"
on which the NZIER takes an optimistic view: "While still small, the emerging
Maori economy is robust [and] poised for continued expansion."

That is a far cry from the 1980s, when, the NZIER says, Maori were "trapped in
the domestic market". "For once," the report says, "the historical pattern of
asset ownership appears to put the Maori economy on the right side of that luck"
which partly determines how well an economy will do.

But Maori are under-represented in the high-value-added knowledge industries,
with only 6 per cent of all employment, the report says.

And the "luck" has its perverse side. In a comment which will take some of the
lustre from the rosy view some have of the general economy, the NZIER says part
of the reason the Maori economy has done well recently is that "the current
pattern of New Zealand's comparative advantage provides a strong base of demand
for people with relatively low qualifications".

So the Maori economy has a long way to go. Much of that journey is dependent on
"aspirations", which the NZIER says are partly tied to the Maori worldview: "The
Maori economic ideal is achievement of wealth for the good of the community
through co-operative enterprise". The challenge is to "translate behaviour
consistent with the uniquely Maori worldview into actions which also produce
successful outcomes in the modern economy".

Meeting this challenge is not helped by fears that success using non-Maori
(Pakeha) mechanisms will cost them their Maoriness.

That attitude is wrong, says the report: "In most instances an apparent
trade-off between Maoriness and economic success is in reality a failure of the
existing institutions to reconcile the two better". Economic development "exerts
a powerful influence over other goals".

Tradition, the report says, is the enemy of innovation, on which development
depends: "Attitudes which are fatalistic or based on a belief that all good
ideas come from the past or from elsewhere do not sit easily with an innovative
drive."

As the report recapitulates, Maori have been innovative and adaptive in the
past, first in navigation techniques and adapting their tropical horticulture to
a temperate climate and then in their positive response to the initial brush
with nineteenth-century capitalism.

To re-stimulate technological innovation, the report wants Crown research
institutes (CRIs) to focus on integrating Maori commercial opportunities with
appropriate research by using Maori insights and development within the
institutes. Another possibility is a separate Maori CRI.

The NZIER also insists on big changes of governance by Maori institutions in
charge of assets. Maori institutions must "translate behaviour consistent with
the uniquely Maori worldview into actions which also produce successful outcomes
in the modern economy". So "it is important that the quality of the institutions
is examined before the underlying values are blamed".

Most Maori institutions were designed for purposes other than commercial
management and have multiple objectives which complicate governance and lower
return on assets. Common ownership of land which cannot be traded requires
special structures, the review of some legislative and regulatory constraints,
especially to encourage self-governing institutions, and more clarity of goals.

The report points to examples of Maori commercial success and innovative
institutions, notably those which separate day-to-day commercial management from
broader issues.

It advocates a new form of company, ohanga, which may require amendments to the
Companies Act.

But there are too few successful institutions now and they use their capital
inefficiently. And governance inadequacies, coupled with the inalienability of
land assets, hamper access to mainstream finance because banks require
collateral and good governance.

The report says fixing this is not a matter for the Government. It is best
addressed by large Maori institutions using their own capital - most have low
debt-equity ratios - to set up financial institutions which can lend to and
invest in Maori enterprises and are likely to be better able than non-Maori
institutions to assess risk and ensure performance. The state's role, the report
says, is to provide an environment conducive to the formation of self-governing
organisations - and that requires "a willingness to take risks on outcomes" with
a sceptical electorate.

This theme of self-determination runs through the whole report. It is a deep
change from the litany of dependency recited in most reports.

"The supply of skilled Maori individuals to the New Zealand economy will be
enhanced by the growth of the Maori economy, because culturally self-determined
development has the potential to widen the horizons and lift the aspirations of
many Maori who are marginalised and unmotivated," the NZIER says.

"Equally, investment in Maori human capital in the general labour market will
feed back into faster Maori economic development, as skills are transferred from
the general economy to the Maori economy."

Key findings

* The Maori economy is more profitable than the general economy, has a higher
savings rate and is a net lender to the general economy.

* Maori households contribute more in tax than they receive in benefits and
other fiscal transfers.

* The Maori economy has grown faster since 1997 than the general economy and is
"poised for continued expansion". The 1990s were "spectacular".

* The Maori economy is more exposed to international trade than the general
economy and this offers "important opportunities and challenges".

* The apparent trade-off between Maoriness and economic success is actually
mostly a failure of the existing institutions to better reconcile the two.

* There are difficulties getting finance but Maori institutions themselves,
which have high retained profits, could fill the gap.

* The return on equity and assets is lower than in the general economy, which
reflects a need for big governance changes. "Many Maori organisations must
pursue multiple objectives" and "cultural values can become an all-purpose
excuse for mismanagement and low-quality governance".

Source: NZIER

* mailto:ColinJames@synapsis.co.nz Email Colin James

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2003 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              16 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Is the sharing economy overvalued?

BYLINE: Sun Yi

LENGTH: 772  words


To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

Ofo bikes are lined up in the campus of Zhongnan University of Economics and Law
in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, June 24, 2016. [Photo/IC]

With the sharing economy becoming a trend across the world, its development in
China is both promising and controversial. The sharing economy first made its
mark in China in 2011; today it has entered what many consider its golden
development period. Regarding the sharing economy as one of the core directions
of new economy, this year's Government Work Report vowed to help its
development.

The sharing economy has penetrated into 10 major domestic sectors and more than
30 sub-sectors, including transportation, second-hand online transactions as
well as peer-to-peer (or P2P) lending. In fact, in just a few years, sharing-
economy companies worth $1 billion or more have emerged in China.

But the sharing economy also faces challenges. For instance, once sharing-
economy businesses become full-time vocations, will they deviate from their
original goal of sharing and effectively using idle social resources?

Striking the right balance between innovative supervision and encouraging
development is another difficulty the sharing economy faces. The merger between
the two top domestic ride-hailing service providers Didi and Uber, which were
also the market leaders of the sharing economy, had to face not only an
antitrust investigation but also has been subjected to specific regulations in
specific areas. The P2P lending market calmed down only after the strictest P2P
financial regulation was issued.

Moreover, many sharing-economy startups are forced into homogeneous competition
for the lack of efficient profit-making models.

So, have the prospects of the sharing economy been overestimated? And how does
one evaluate the value of the sharing economy and the revolution it may bring?

The sharing economy has great potential. It is not only a business model, but
also a new socio-economic operation model. Through "Internet Plus", the sharing
economy tries to connect the idle social resources at low costs and an efficient
manner.

Against the background of the Chinese economy's new normal, the sharing economy
aims to activate idle resources and use them to the maximum advantage. The
development of the sharing economy will not only create new jobs and provide
income for more people, but also help build a new growth pole for consumption.
Hence, the sharing economy is expected to become a new engine of economic
growth.

In 2013, the sharing economy accounted for 1.3 percent of the United Kingdom's
GDP, and the country is taking measures to increase the proportion to 15 percent
in five years. In China, although the scale of the sharing economy has exceeded
1 trillion yuan ($144 billion), it still accounts for a small proportion of the
country's GDP, which means it still has enormous developing space.

Given China's demographic dividends, the sharing economy has plenty of areas to
explore. For instance, in 2015 the number of orders China's top ride-hailing
service provider Didi reached 1.43 billion, more than the total number of orders
Uber has received since it was founded.

A broader development space for the sharing economy is sharing for enterprises
and means of production, to cash in on the opportunities created by "Internet
Plus" and the industrial upgrading in China.

The power of the sharing economy is also evident in the changes it has effected
in social operation models such as life and working styles, enterprises'
organizations and cultural values. It allows individuals to engage in various
fields to give full play to their talents and traditional enterprises to share
talents and even turn into "virtual" enterprises. The sharing economy is also
expected to reshape people's idea of ownership of materials and enhance trust
and cooperation among individuals.

To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

The author is a senior researcher of Tencent Research Institute.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/148221100749.jpg

b083fe9fe6d819c2b7970d.jpg

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               December 20, 2016

Is the sharing economy overvalued?

BYLINE: Sun Yi

LENGTH: 759  words


To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

Ofo bikes are lined up in the campus of Zhongnan University of Economics and Law
in Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, June 24, 2016. [Photo/IC]

With the sharing economy becoming a trend across the world, its development in
China is both promising and controversial. The sharing economy first made its
mark in China in 2011; today it has entered what many consider its golden
development period. Regarding the sharing economy as one of the core directions
of new economy, this year's Government Work Report vowed to help its
development.

The sharing economy has penetrated into 10 major domestic sectors and more than
30 sub-sectors, including transportation, second-hand online transactions as
well as peer-to-peer (or P2P) lending. In fact, in just a few years, sharing-
economy companies worth $1 billion or more have emerged in China.

But the sharing economy also faces challenges. For instance, once sharing-
economy businesses become full-time vocations, will they deviate from their
original goal of sharing and effectively using idle social resources?

Striking the right balance between innovative supervision and encouraging
development is another difficulty the sharing economy faces. The merger between
the two top domestic ride-hailing service providers Didi and Uber, which were
also the market leaders of the sharing economy, had to face not only an
antitrust investigation but also has been subjected to specific regulations in
specific areas. The P2P lending market calmed down only after the strictest P2P
financial regulation was issued.

Moreover, many sharing-economy startups are forced into homogeneous competition
for the lack of efficient profit-making models.

So, have the prospects of the sharing economy been overestimated? And how does
one evaluate the value of the sharing economy and the revolution it may bring?

The sharing economy has great potential. It is not only a business model, but
also a new socio-economic operation model. Through "Internet Plus", the sharing
economy tries to connect the idle social resources at low costs and an efficient
manner.

Against the background of the Chinese economy's new normal, the sharing economy
aims to activate idle resources and use them to the maximum advantage. The
development of the sharing economy will not only create new jobs and provide
income for more people, but also help build a new growth pole for consumption.
Hence, the sharing economy is expected to become a new engine of economic
growth.

In 2013, the sharing economy accounted for 1.3 percent of the United Kingdom's
GDP, and the country is taking measures to increase the proportion to 15 percent
in five years. In China, although the scale of the sharing economy has exceeded
1 trillion yuan ($144 billion), it still accounts for a small proportion of the
country's GDP, which means it still has enormous developing space.

Given China's demographic dividends, the sharing economy has plenty of areas to
explore. For instance, in 2015 the number of orders China's top ride-hailing
service provider Didi reached 1.43 billion, more than the total number of orders
Uber has received since it was founded.

A broader development space for the sharing economy is sharing for enterprises
and means of production, to cash in on the opportunities created by "Internet
Plus" and the industrial upgrading in China.

The power of the sharing economy is also evident in the changes it has effected
in social operation models such as life and working styles, enterprises'
organizations and cultural values. It allows individuals to engage in various
fields to give full play to their talents and traditional enterprises to share
talents and even turn into "virtual" enterprises. The sharing economy is also
expected to reshape people's idea of ownership of materials and enhance trust
and cooperation among individuals.

To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

The author is a senior researcher of Tencent Research Institute.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

China embraced commodity economy in 1984

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming

LENGTH: 670  words


Now as the world's second-largest economy, China's exceptional economic
performance has been so eye-catching that many have forgotten how hard the
country had struggled to kick-start its market economy.

Now as the world's second-largest economy, China's exceptional economic
performance has been so eye-catching that many have forgotten how hard the
country had struggled to kick-start its market economy.

China had cast away the way of political movement-centered national management
and started to re-focus on economic growth as its newly found aspiration in the
early 1980s. Behind that drive is the historic Third Plenary Session of the 11th
Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, at which the nation's top
leadership formally started to redress the wrong policies of the previous years
and delivered the famous call of "free our mind and seek truth from facts".

It is not easy to free the mind. Ultra-leftist thinking remained powerful at
that time and thwarted the smooth adoption of the market economy; a must-do
choice after China's planned economy almost collapsed due to repeated political
movements and the rigidity of the economic regime itself.

Still, market economy was a taboo. It was until in October, 1984 that for the
first time, policymakers introduced the idea of commodity economy into its
economic lexicon, paving the way for further liberalization of the economy and
market-oriented reforms. At the Third Plenary Session of the 12th CPC Central
Committee, which was held on October 20, 1984, the traditional concept that a
planned economy cannot go with a commodity economy was dropped and it was
declared that China will develop a socialist commodity economy.

The session decided that the nation should learn from the valuable experiences
of all countries, including those capitalist economies, to promote productivity
and build a socialist commodity economy. The development of commodity economy,
it said, is a necessary precondition for China's economic modernization.

"Commodity economy" is virtually a euphemism of "market economy" at that time,
when people are not very knowledgeable about the idea of market economy and it
also seemed too radical for policymakers to explicitly assert their intent of
building a more efficient economic system where the market plays an important
role in distribution of resources.

The groundbreaking introduction of the idea of commodity economy carried on the
economic platform fixed at the Third Plenary Session of the 11th CPC Central
Committee and served as a springboard for the country to gradually usher in a
more mature market-based economy - China formally endorsed the socialist market
economy in 1993 and joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, ultimately
leading to its current economic prowess.

The decision to build a planned plus commodity-based economy is in line with
realities. Five years after the country started its reform and opening up drive
in late 1970s, people were no longer satisfied with the scarcity of commodities
in the market. They are eager to have access to freer supply of commodities to
improve their living standards.

According to historians on China's commercial economy, people at that time
needed to queue for a long time if they wanted to buy state-of-the-art household
electronic appliances, such as refrigerators, washing machines and TV sets. They
may need to start to queue one or two days ahead of the formal release day,
reflecting the inability of the economy to meet the growing demand for various
commodities.

Controversies surrounding commodity economy, however, abounded. The
ultra-leftist forces had never given up their efforts to return to the planned
management and refuse the role of the market, making China's road of economic
liberalization bumpy. However, the forces of market-based reforms have been
unstoppable and today; it has built itself into a strong and almost full-grown
market economy.

Time for government to continue cracking whip for sustained progress
Slower growth likely in 2015

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 20, 2014

China embraced commodity economy in 1984

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming

LENGTH: 670  words


Now as the world's second-largest economy, China's exceptional economic
performance has been so eye-catching that many have forgotten how hard the
country had struggled to kick-start its market economy.

Now as the world's second-largest economy, China's exceptional economic
performance has been so eye-catching that many have forgotten how hard the
country had struggled to kick-start its market economy.

China had cast away the way of political movement-centered national management
and started to re-focus on economic growth as its newly found aspiration in the
early 1980s. Behind that drive is the historic Third Plenary Session of the 11th
Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, at which the nation's top
leadership formally started to redress the wrong policies of the previous years
and delivered the famous call of "free our mind and seek truth from facts".

It is not easy to free the mind. Ultra-leftist thinking remained powerful at
that time and thwarted the smooth adoption of the market economy; a must-do
choice after China's planned economy almost collapsed due to repeated political
movements and the rigidity of the economic regime itself.

Still, market economy was a taboo. It was until in October, 1984 that for the
first time, policymakers introduced the idea of commodity economy into its
economic lexicon, paving the way for further liberalization of the economy and
market-oriented reforms. At the Third Plenary Session of the 12th CPC Central
Committee, which was held on October 20, 1984, the traditional concept that a
planned economy cannot go with a commodity economy was dropped and it was
declared that China will develop a socialist commodity economy.

The session decided that the nation should learn from the valuable experiences
of all countries, including those capitalist economies, to promote productivity
and build a socialist commodity economy. The development of commodity economy,
it said, is a necessary precondition for China's economic modernization.

"Commodity economy" is virtually a euphemism of "market economy" at that time,
when people are not very knowledgeable about the idea of market economy and it
also seemed too radical for policymakers to explicitly assert their intent of
building a more efficient economic system where the market plays an important
role in distribution of resources.

The groundbreaking introduction of the idea of commodity economy carried on the
economic platform fixed at the Third Plenary Session of the 11th CPC Central
Committee and served as a springboard for the country to gradually usher in a
more mature market-based economy - China formally endorsed the socialist market
economy in 1993 and joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, ultimately
leading to its current economic prowess.

The decision to build a planned plus commodity-based economy is in line with
realities. Five years after the country started its reform and opening up drive
in late 1970s, people were no longer satisfied with the scarcity of commodities
in the market. They are eager to have access to freer supply of commodities to
improve their living standards.

According to historians on China's commercial economy, people at that time
needed to queue for a long time if they wanted to buy state-of-the-art household
electronic appliances, such as refrigerators, washing machines and TV sets. They
may need to start to queue one or two days ahead of the formal release day,
reflecting the inability of the economy to meet the growing demand for various
commodities.

Controversies surrounding commodity economy, however, abounded. The
ultra-leftist forces had never given up their efforts to return to the planned
management and refuse the role of the market, making China's road of economic
liberalization bumpy. However, the forces of market-based reforms have been
unstoppable and today; it has built itself into a strong and almost full-grown
market economy.

Time for government to continue cracking whip for sustained progress
Slower growth likely in 2015

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

OPINION: Is the sharing economy overvalued?

BYLINE: Sun Yi

LENGTH: 680  words


With the sharing economy becoming a trend across the world, its development in
China is both promising and controversial. The sharing economy first made its
mark in China in 2011; today it has entered what many consider its golden
development period. Regarding the sharing economy as one of the core directions
of new economy, this year's Government Work Report vowed to help its
development.

The sharing economy has penetrated into 10 major domestic sectors and more than
30 sub-sectors, including transportation, second-hand online transactions as
well as peer-to-peer (or P2P) lending. In fact, in just a few years, sharing-
economy companies worth US$1 billion or more have emerged in China.

But the sharing economy also faces challenges. For instance, once sharing-
economy businesses become full-time vocations, will they deviate from their
original goal of sharing and effectively using idle social resources?

Striking the right balance between innovative supervision and encouraging
development is another difficulty the sharing economy faces. The merger between
the two top domestic ride-hailing service providers Didi and Uber, which were
also the market leaders of the sharing economy, had to face not only an
antitrust investigation but also has been subjected to specific regulations in
specific areas. The P2P lending market calmed down only after the strictest P2P
financial regulation was issued.

Moreover, many sharing-economy startups are forced into homogeneous competition
for the lack of efficient profit-making models.

So, have the prospects of the sharing economy been overestimated? And how does
one evaluate the value of the sharing economy and the revolution it may bring?

The sharing economy has great potential. It is not only a business model, but
also a new socio-economic operation model. Through "Internet Plus", the sharing
economy tries to connect the idle social resources at low costs and an efficient
manner.

Against the background of the Chinese economy's new normal, the sharing economy
aims to activate idle resources and use them to the maximum advantage. The
development of the sharing economy will not only create new jobs and provide
income for more people, but also help build a new growth pole for consumption.
Hence, the sharing economy is expected to become a new engine of economic
growth.

In 2013, the sharing economy accounted for 1.3 percent of the United Kingdom's
GDP, and the country is taking measures to increase the proportion to 15 percent
in five years. In China, although the scale of the sharing economy has exceeded
1 trillion yuan ($144 billion), it still accounts for a small proportion of the
country's GDP, which means it still has enormous developing space.

Given China's demographic dividends, the sharing economy has plenty of areas to
explore. For instance, in 2015 the number of orders China's top ride-hailing
service provider Didi reached 1.43 billion, more than the total number of orders
Uber has received since it was founded.

A broader development space for the sharing economy is sharing for enterprises
and means of production, to cash in on the opportunities created by "Internet
Plus" and the industrial upgrading in China.

The power of the sharing economy is also evident in the changes it has effected
in social operation models such as life and working styles, enterprises'
organizations and cultural values. It allows individuals to engage in various
fields to give full play to their talents and traditional enterprises to share
talents and even turn into "virtual" enterprises. The sharing economy is also
expected to reshape people's idea of ownership of materials and enhance trust
and cooperation among individuals.

To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

- The author is a senior researcher of Tencent Research Institute.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Is the sharing economy overvalued?

BYLINE: Sun Yi

SECTION: OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS

LENGTH: 680 words


With the sharing economy becoming a trend across the world, its development in
China is both promising and controversial. The sharing economy first made its
mark in China in 2011; today it has entered what many consider its golden
development period. Regarding the sharing economy as one of the core directions
of new economy, this year's Government Work Report vowed to help its
development.

The sharing economy has penetrated into 10 major domestic sectors and more than
30 sub-sectors, including transportation, second-hand online transactions as
well as peer-to-peer (or P2P) lending. In fact, in just a few years, sharing-
economy companies worth $1 billion or more have emerged in China.

But the sharing economy also faces challenges. For instance, once sharing-
economy businesses become full-time vocations, will they deviate from their
original goal of sharing and effectively using idle social resources?

Striking the right balance between innovative supervision and encouraging
development is another difficulty the sharing economy faces. The merger between
the two top domestic ride-hailing service providers Didi and Uber, which were
also the market leaders of the sharing economy, had to face not only an
antitrust investigation but also has been subjected to specific regulations in
specific areas. The P2P lending market calmed down only after the strictest P2P
financial regulation was issued.

Moreover, many sharing-economy startups are forced into homogeneous competition
for the lack of efficient profit-making models.

So, have the prospects of the sharing economy been overestimated? And how does
one evaluate the value of the sharing economy and the revolution it may bring?

The sharing economy has great potential. It is not only a business model, but
also a new socio-economic operation model. Through "Internet Plus", the sharing
economy tries to connect the idle social resources at low costs and an efficient
manner.

Against the background of the Chinese economy's new normal, the sharing economy
aims to activate idle resources and use them to the maximum advantage. The
development of the sharing economy will not only create new jobs and provide
income for more people, but also help build a new growth pole for consumption.
Hence, the sharing economy is expected to become a new engine of economic
growth.

In 2013, the sharing economy accounted for 1.3 percent of the United Kingdom's
GDP, and the country is taking measures to increase the proportion to 15 percent
in five years. In China, although the scale of the sharing economy has exceeded
1 trillion yuan ($144 billion), it still accounts for a small proportion of the
country's GDP, which means it still has enormous developing space.

Given China's demographic dividends, the sharing economy has plenty of areas to
explore. For instance, in 2015 the number of orders China's top ride-hailing
service provider Didi reached 1.43 billion, more than the total number of orders
Uber has received since it was founded.

A broader development space for the sharing economy is sharing for enterprises
and means of production, to cash in on the opportunities created by "Internet
Plus" and the industrial upgrading in China.

The power of the sharing economy is also evident in the changes it has effected
in social operation models such as life and working styles, enterprises'
organizations and cultural values. It allows individuals to engage in various
fields to give full play to their talents and traditional enterprises to share
talents and even turn into "virtual" enterprises. The sharing economy is also
expected to reshape people's idea of ownership of materials and enhance trust
and cooperation among individuals.

To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

The author is a senior researcher of Tencent Research Institute.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Is the sharing economy overvalued?

LENGTH: 699  words


With the sharing economy becoming a trend across the world, its development in
China is both promising and controversial. The sharing economy first made its
mark in China in 2011; today it has entered what many consider its golden
development period. Regarding the sharing economy as one of the core directions
of new economy, this year's Government Work Report vowed to help its
development.

The sharing economy has penetrated into 10 major domestic sectors and more than
30 sub-sectors, including transportation, second-hand online transactions as
well as peer-to-peer (or P2P) lending. In fact, in just a few years, sharing-
economy companies worth $1 billion or more have emerged in China.

But the sharing economy also faces challenges. For instance, once sharing-
economy businesses become full-time vocations, will they deviate from their
original goal of sharing and effectively using idle social resources?

Striking the right balance between innovative supervision and encouraging
development is another difficulty the sharing economy faces. The merger between
the two top domestic ride-hailing service providers Didi and Uber, which were
also the market leaders of the sharing economy, had to face not only an
antitrust investigation but also has been subjected to specific regulations in
specific areas. The P2P lending market calmed down only after the strictest P2P
financial regulation was issued.

Moreover, many sharing-economy startups are forced into homogeneous competition
for the lack of efficient profit-making models.

So, have the prospects of the sharing economy been overestimated? And how does
one evaluate the value of the sharing economy and the revolution it may bring?

The sharing economy has great potential. It is not only a business model, but
also a new socio-economic operation model. Through "Internet Plus", the sharing
economy tries to connect the idle social resources at low costs and an efficient
manner.

Against the background of the Chinese economy's new normal, the sharing economy
aims to activate idle resources and use them to the maximum advantage. The
development of the sharing economy will not only create new jobs and provide
income for more people, but also help build a new growth pole for consumption.
Hence, the sharing economy is expected to become a new engine of economic
growth.

In 2013, the sharing economy accounted for 1.3 percent of the United Kingdom's
GDP, and the country is taking measures to increase the proportion to 15 percent
in five years. In China, although the scale of the sharing economy has exceeded
1 trillion yuan ($144 billion), it still accounts for a small proportion of the
country's GDP, which means it still has enormous developing space.

Given China's demographic dividends, the sharing economy has plenty of areas to
explore. For instance, in 2015 the number of orders China's top ride-hailing
service provider Didi reached 1.43 billion, more than the total number of orders
Uber has received since it was founded.

A broader development space for the sharing economy is sharing for enterprises
and means of production, to cash in on the opportunities created by "Internet
Plus" and the industrial upgrading in China.

The power of the sharing economy is also evident in the changes it has effected
in social operation models such as life and working styles, enterprises'
organizations and cultural values. It allows individuals to engage in various
fields to give full play to their talents and traditional enterprises to share
talents and even turn into "virtual" enterprises. The sharing economy is also
expected to reshape people's idea of ownership of materials and enhance trust
and cooperation among individuals.

To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

The author is a senior researcher of Tencent Research Institute.

(China Daily USA 12/20/2016 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/5/148221776703.jpg

00221917e13e19c2b7b62a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Is the sharing economy overvalued?

BYLINE: Sun Yi

LENGTH: 698  words


With the sharing economy becoming a trend across the world, its development in
China is both promising and controversial. The sharing economy first made its
mark in China in 2011; today it has entered what many consider its golden
development period. Regarding the sharing economy as one of the core directions
of new economy, this year's Government Work Report vowed to help its
development.

The sharing economy has penetrated into 10 major domestic sectors and more than
30 sub-sectors, including transportation, second-hand online transactions as
well as peer-to-peer (or P2P) lending. In fact, in just a few years, sharing-
economy companies worth $1 billion or more have emerged in China.

But the sharing economy also faces challenges. For instance, once sharing-
economy businesses become full-time vocations, will they deviate from their
original goal of sharing and effectively using idle social resources?

Striking the right balance between innovative supervision and encouraging
development is another difficulty the sharing economy faces. The merger between
the two top domestic ride-hailing service providers Didi and Uber, which were
also the market leaders of the sharing economy, had to face not only an
antitrust investigation but also has been subjected to specific regulations in
specific areas. The P2P lending market calmed down only after the strictest P2P
financial regulation was issued.

Moreover, many sharing-economy startups are forced into homogeneous competition
for the lack of efficient profit-making models.

So, have the prospects of the sharing economy been overestimated? And how does
one evaluate the value of the sharing economy and the revolution it may bring?

The sharing economy has great potential. It is not only a business model, but
also a new socio-economic operation model. Through "Internet Plus", the sharing
economy tries to connect the idle social resources at low costs and an efficient
manner.

Against the background of the Chinese economy's new normal, the sharing economy
aims to activate idle resources and use them to the maximum advantage. The
development of the sharing economy will not only create new jobs and provide
income for more people, but also help build a new growth pole for consumption.
Hence, the sharing economy is expected to become a new engine of economic
growth.

In 2013, the sharing economy accounted for 1.3 percent of the United Kingdom's
GDP, and the country is taking measures to increase the proportion to 15 percent
in five years. In China, although the scale of the sharing economy has exceeded
1 trillion yuan ($144 billion), it still accounts for a small proportion of the
country's GDP, which means it still has enormous developing space.

Given China's demographic dividends, the sharing economy has plenty of areas to
explore. For instance, in 2015 the number of orders China's top ride-hailing
service provider Didi reached 1.43 billion, more than the total number of orders
Uber has received since it was founded.

A broader development space for the sharing economy is sharing for enterprises
and means of production, to cash in on the opportunities created by "Internet
Plus" and the industrial upgrading in China.

The power of the sharing economy is also evident in the changes it has effected
in social operation models such as life and working styles, enterprises'
organizations and cultural values. It allows individuals to engage in various
fields to give full play to their talents and traditional enterprises to share
talents and even turn into "virtual" enterprises. The sharing economy is also
expected to reshape people's idea of ownership of materials and enhance trust
and cooperation among individuals.

To meet the challenges it faces and resolve its conflicts with traditional
industries and existing systems, the sharing economy has to chart a novel path
for itself while respecting the rule of law, which in turn will help it to
fulfill its potential of building a connection between the old and new economic
engines in China.

The author is a senior researcher of Tencent Research Institute.

(China Daily 12/20/2016 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/148223254472.jpg

00221917e13e19c2b7b62a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

G20 Digital Economy Development and Cooperation Initiative delivered at 2016
Hangzhou Summit renews impetus to global economy

LENGTH: 945  words


The 2016 G20 Hangzhou Summit, held from September 4th to 5th, passed the G20
Digital Economy Development and Cooperation Initiative.

In order to cope with the slowing growth and flagging recovery of the global
economy and boost global market confidence, during China's presidency in 2016,
digital economy was put high on the agenda for the first time, as part of the
G20 Blueprint on Innovative Growth. The 2016 G20 Hangzhou Summit, held from
September 4th to 5th, passed the G20 Digital Economy Development and Cooperation
Initiative (hereinafter referred to as the Digital Economy Initiative). This is
the first digital economy policy document that was endorsed by G20
leaders[#xff0c]which tightly seized the historical chances of the digitization,
provided the new direction, solution and prospect for the regeneration of the
world economy.

As the Chair of Digital Economy, China set up G20 Digital Economy Task Force
(DETF), which co-chaired by the United States of America and South Africa. Led
by Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), DETF consisted of officials and
experts from G20 members, guest countries, and international organizations. In
the spirit of open, transparent and inclusiveness, CAC cooperated closely with
DETF members. With six months' hard working, after more than 30 conferences,
including vide-conferences and face-to-face conferences, nearly a thousand
e-mail exchanges, more than 10 rounds of draft circulation, DETF members finally
reached consensus on Digital Economy Initiative, which was widely welcomed and
highly praised by all.

Digital Economy Initiative outlined the concept, meaning, guiding principles and
key areas of digital economy. The proposed seven guiding principles are
innovation, partnership, synergy, flexibility, inclusion, open and enabling
business environment, flow of information for economic growth, trust and
security. The Digital Economy Initiative identifies six key areas for
cooperation in digital economy, including: expand broadband access and improve
quality; promote investment in the ICT sector; support entrepreneurship and
promote digital transformation; encourage e-commerce cooperation; enhance
digital inclusion and promote development of MSMEs. It also encourages G20
members to strengthen cooperation in policy making and regulation on
intellectual property, the promotion of cooperation with respect to independent
choice of development path, transparent digital economy policy-making, the
development and use of international standards, strengthening confidence and
trust, and managing radiofrequency spectrum to promote innovation. In the
future, the G20 members agree to continue to work closely to encourage
multi-level exchanges about experience on policy making and legislation, share
best practices among members, encourage training and research cooperation, and
interact with international organizations and other engagement group to promote
a sound digital economy.

Nowadays, with the rapid development and convergence of ICT, digital economy is
experiencing high growth, rapid innovation and broad application, is
increasingly becoming an important driver for global economic recovery and
growth, and plays a significant role for expanding economic development,
accelerating the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries,
promoting sustainable economic development, improving social governance and
public service, and driving innovation.

Recognizing the importance of digital economy and digital innovation, the United
States of America, the European Union, Germany, the United Kingdom, Australia
and many other countries and regions all prioritize the development of digital
economy. Some G20 members introduced national digital economy strategies and
digital agendas, etc. to promote its development. International organizations
such as World Bank, OECD and WTO also showed great interest in digital economy
development by closely tracking the developments and publishing latest reports.
Digital economy is increasingly becoming a hot topic globally.

Chinese government attaches great importance to the development of digital
economy. Through Internet Power Strategy, National IT development Strategy,
National Big Data Strategy, "Internet plus" Action Plan and series of e-commerce
strategies and operations, innovation and development of digital economy is
further promoted. Digital economy in China has shown a good momentum of
development--wider coverage of information infrastructure facilities, global
leading position of its information industry, booming Internet economy, and a
number of leading international Internet companies. China had 710 million
Internet users and 4.54 million websites by the end of June, 2016. Internet has
been involved deeply into the economic and social development and people's
lives. In 2015, China's total e-commerce transaction value was over 20 trillion
yuan. Online trade volumes reached 3.88 trillion, with an increase of 33.3
percent.

G20 Digital Economy Development and Cooperation Initiative is the consensus of
all parties based on development practices and renewed philosophy of digital
economy, pointing out a direction which is fully in line with the trend of
historical development, and offering an international solution to help the world
economy out of the woods and to realize the innovative, vital, strong,
sustained, balanced and inclusive growth. It is believed that greater innovation
and cooperation of digital economy will inject new impetus to the economic
growth of all countries, and accordingly, bring new vitality to the world
economy and benefits of the development of digital economy to all people around
the world.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday

"Resistance economy" to help achieve 8 per cent growth rate in Iran - official

LENGTH: 912 words


Text of report by Mehran Ebrahimian headlined: "What are the solutions to the 6
economic problems? Aqamohammadi: 'The economy of resistance will be realized, if
the government is accountable'" published by Iranian hard-line daily Javan on 21
June

Describing some of the goals and requirements of a resistance economy, Dr Ali
Aqa-Muhammadi, member and Chairman of the Expediency Council's
Scientific-Strategic Commission said: "What is needed in implementing a
resistance economy is to make the government accountable and government does not
mean only the president!"

In a meeting to explain the intentions of the Supreme Leader and the
responsibilities of the media in economic policies, Aqa-Muhammadi talked about
the media's special responsibility in explaining the policies of the resistance
economy.

He said it is a mistake to think all economic problems will be solved with
nuclear negotiations. He said: "Resistance economy does not mean Iran will
abandon the carpet, oil, and gas markets; it means reducing the government's
dependency on oil revenues. These are two different things."

Stating that resistance economy is a necessary method if we want to achieve the
20-year Outlook, he said: "For a powerful Iran in the region the rate of our
economic growth has to be at least 8 percent. This growth cannot be achieved
unless we implement the policies of resistance economy that the Supreme Leader
has initiated."

Referring to the role of science and technology in economic stability
everywhere, he gave the example of the incompetence of the Qajars [rulers of
Iran before the Pahlavis] and said: "Negligence in this area leads to
instability and weakening of national power on the international stage."

Dr Aqa-Muhammadi said: "Right now our share of the global economy is very small.
To increase this share we need a knowledge-based economy so we can turn domestic
and foreign economic threats into opportunities."

Aqa-Muhammadi said threats will always exist and we have to have long term
planning based on realities. He continued: "Resistance economy is the best
method to achieve the Outlook program (a higher program) and its implementation
is not a choice but a necessity. Resistance economy is neither an austerity
economy nor an isolated economy; it is an economy that adapts the country's
status to the complexities of today's world. For example, in the 2008 economic
crisis only three percent of Iran's economy was affected but Turkey's economy
suffered greatly and China's economy was affected half a percent. We have to
prepare ourselves for the complexities of global economy."

Six major problems

Listing the economic problems that all active ideological groups in the Islamic
Republic accept, he said: "Economists all agree that our economy faces six major
problems: government's extensive and unregulated interferences in the economy,
the economy's destructive dependence on oil revenues, an obstructive business
atmosphere, lack of competitive and efficient markets, corrupt and inefficient
administrative agencies, and an inefficient system in the financial and capital
markets. In the strategic guidelines of the resistance economy all these
problems are tackled and administrative solutions are proposed."

Referring to the country's demographic window of opportunity, he said: "Not
until the public understands its responsibility can resistance economy take
place. For example, we cannot think that getting employed by the government will
solve the huge unemployment problem. Unfortunately in a few years we will have
wave after wave of unemployed college graduates. Some statistics say up to nine
million and this can be a serious threat. If we had a committed financial system
and the business atmosphere was better this huge manpower would have the
opportunity for employment and it could give the economy a jump and up to 11
percent economic growth."

He also said the requirement for a resistance economy is the accountability of
the government and explained: "What we mean by government's accountability is
all government agencies not just the president."

He said: "Another requirement is capital. Today at different agencies and
departments people are thinking more about their positions rather than improving
their organizations. That is why along with the increase in oil revenues the
country's expenditures keep going up irrespective of capacities because of
political reasons or insistence by some Majles deputies."

Aqa-Muhammadi said resistance economy is a new approach to economic planning and
abandoning the day to day economy. He said: "More than anything else we have to
build resistance when balancing budget expenditures. In a resistance economy
governments are not important and policies must be set within the framework of
resistance economy. Unfortunately in recent years whenever oil revenues
increased the surplus went straight to government expenditures causing inflation
and recession. This is the result of lack of planning and in contradiction to a
resistance economy."

Aqa-Muhammadi continued: "That is why after the sanctions are lifted and after
implementing the resistance economy we must not allow surplus revenues to go to
expenditure. Instead, we have to set the basis of running the country on non-oil
and more stable revenues. Therefore, thinking that all our economic problems
will be solved with an agreement in the nuclear negotiations is the wrong way of
thinking."

Source: Javan, Tehran, in Persian 21 Jun 14

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              May 20, 2013 Monday

Is the Black economy all that black?

BYLINE:  Maha Haider

LENGTH: 569  words


What exactly is the black economy, or the informal or illegal economy, or even
parallel economy as it is called? Not all of these terms actually define this
phenomenon accurately. The black economy is not necessarily illegal. For example
a cobbler who sits on the roadside peddling his trade probably pays no taxes,
and keeps no records about his turnover, so he is a part of the informal
economy, but he is by no means doing something illegal.

So, the parallel economy is not always a bad thing. A significant sector of the
informal economy comprises entrepreneurs like the cobbler who operate out of the
system but don't necessarily do it just to avoid taxes or rip off the
government. This is especially true of the Third World. However, this is not to
say that a very large part of the undocumented sector actually is illegal
activity like drug trafficking, human smuggling and arms trade and even
smuggling of non-contraband that absolutely needs to stop.

Needless to say, the informal sector needs to be roped into the system and
documented if the economy is to grow exponentially. Again, this is even more
important for Third World countries where the informal economy as a percentage
of the documented sector is usually much larger.

There is not a lot of research on this because it is a difficult subject to
investigate. But two recent researches have indicated that while on the one hand
documentation of the economy has picked up pace, it is has not been able to keep
up with the growth in the undocumented trade that either originates in Pakistan
or transits through Pakistan.

The research conducted by the Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI)
and United Nations Office on Drug and Crime (UNODC) coordinated by Dr Abid
Suleri of the SDPI has estimated the size of Pakistan's illegal economy at
anywhere between 20-30 per cent of the formal economy. This report deals mainly
with the darker side of the informal economy, like human smuggling, drug trade,
arms trade and other hardcore crimes.

Another report on the subject was generated by the Pakistan Institute of
Development Economics (PIDE), based on calculations by M Ali Kemal and Ahmed
Waqar Qasim. This report, was released in 2012 and suggested that the size of
the informal economy in Pakistan in 2008 ranged between 74 per cent to 91 per
cent of the formal economy.

Considering that the total size of Pakistan's GDP is about $180 billion, this
indicates that the informal economy is easily $160 billion. This also implies
that the total size of Pakistan's economy is almost $350 billion.

These are staggering numbers and the quantum of the informal economy is seen as
growing, while, the regularly released figures by our financial managers already
show us that the formal economy is in many ways, receding.

While Pakistan gets a lot of flak for its regulatory structure and failing to
document the economy, numbers indicate that the informal economy is a global
phenomenon.

In a shared world, the task of countering the illegal or informal economy is
also a shared responsibility. And while there are constraints to any exercise or
research that attempts to ascertain the size of the illegal economy, and there
will always be a degree of doubt as to the veracity of the numbers, such studies
are nevertheless useful and are a valuable tool in trying to determine the scope
of this sector of the economy and its impact on the country at large.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

Shadow economy

BYLINE:  SOHAIB JAMALI

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 16

LENGTH: 690  words


A recent BR Research analysis points towards alarming growth in Pakistan's
shadow economy. The story titled 'The shadows are growing longer' (published: 10
January 2013) estimated that the country's informal sector is growing about 5-6
percent per annum due to lack of documentation, a culture of tax evasion and an
ever present war economy. The central bank's third quarterly report 2012 also
notes that is vibrant, creating a disconnect between the formal and informal
economy.

This warrants immediate attention of the policymakers since a large shadow
economy promotes conflicts at various levels. In effect, it also challenges the
writ of the state and pushes any country towards state failure. Here is how:

It is true that there is no empirical relationship between shadow economy and
war economy, i.e. the presence of shadow economy cannot be construed as a cause
of conflict. However, studies have shown that the existence of shadow economy
has time and again proven to facilitate conflicts by way of redistributing
resources and power.

The conflicts in the context of war economy can be of several types. And these
are often financed by shadow economy such as the blood diamonds in the case of
Sierra Leone or opium in the case of Afghanistan and Pakistan since the 1980s,
or drugs and guns business in Karachi, Pakistan.

Other types of conflicts that a shadow economy can breed include ethnic or civil
strife arising out of socio-economic disparity amongst the masses. It is no
happy coincidence, therefore, that countries with bigger percentage of shadow
economies are also marked with lower degree of development (See graphs).

By their very nature, shadow economies are characterised by wide gaps in income
levels. Compared to formal sector, where regulation often demands employee
benefits or the provident fund etc, the presence of informal sector means that
more and more people will be relying on government welfare programme, and
thereby a burden on national exchequer.

While a completely failed or fragile state may not have a welfare programme,
those weak states that do, are faced with additional burdens resulting from the
persistence of shadow economy.

A study by German scholar Macus Ruge also claims that shadow economy is closely
connected with the development of the state and the political goods and services
it provides.

The study titled 'Determinants and Size of the Shadow Economy - A Structural
Equation Model' reveals a strong negative correlation between shadow economy and
'administrative system' of the state (-0.92); the latter was indexed out of 14
variables indicators, including bureaucratic quality and regulatory system.

Shadow economy was also found to be negatively correlated to 'constitution,
trust and values' (-0.89), which was indexed out of 11 indicators, including
rule of law, regime durability and democratic accountability.

In other words, the existence of informal economy adds risks to the state's
ability to build the political network and offer political goods such as
infrastructure. This leads to the following vicious cycle. Conventional shadow
economy (which may be defined as undocumented, untaxed trade in otherwise legal
goods and services) leads to lower tax revenues.

This reduces the quality and the quality of public services provided by the
state. In turn, there is mistrust on the government's ability to supply public
good and services which encourage individuals and businesses to move further
into the shadow economy and thereby erode the quality and quantity of political
deliverables even more.

The cycle can then potentially give birth to conflicts due to a socio-economic
disparity. The disparity aggravates the picture by forcing people to either slip
into conventional shadow economy or otherwise start trading in illegal goods
(also a part of shadow economy in larger definition), leading to conflicts.

And to support conflict, the need for shadow economy increases even more. The
bottom line is that if Pakistan's informal economy is growing faster than the
formal economy, then an urgent action is needed to reverse the situation and
bring people in the 'formal' bracket.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  May 20, 2000

Dot.coms versus not.coms: how to pick the winners

SECTION: Guardian Jobs and Money Pages; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 774 words


Forty years ago saving with an endowment contract was considered pretty racy,
writes Joanne Gill. But a succession of government measures aimed at getting
more of our savings into the stock market has changed all that.

Today's savers have Peps, Isas, shares from demutualisations and a host of other
investments that people in the 1960s would have considered more liberating than
the contraceptive pill.

And along with the choice of investment vehicle has come the choice of which
market to invest in. Forty years ago most people paid their money to an
insurance company for 25 years and received a nice lump sum at the end of it.

Today investors have to weigh up the old economy against the new economy - on
top of longer lasting concepts such as geographical and currency splits.

But what is the old economy and does it stand to provide greater or lower
capital growth than the new economy over the next decade?

The old economy is defined by experts as the more traditional blue-chip
companies that are seen as part of a country's history, such as Cadbury
Schweppes, Barclays Bank and Unilever.

New economy companies are those taking advantage of the latest sciences to grow
or change their businesses and provide services with a heavy bias towards
technological solutions.

The performance monitoring company Standard & Poor's includes internet,
technology and telecoms stocks in its definition of new economy and says that
over the past three years these sectors have returned more than 300% for
investors. The old economy, which Standard and Poor's says is anything not in
these sectors, has in turn gained only 45% over the same period.

But the experts are split over whether this trend will continue and where people
should be putting their money to achieve the greatest growth over the next 10
years.

Merrill Lynch's director of European quantitative strategy, Markus Barth, says
rising interest rates dampen earnings growth, which affects the old economy
companies more than the new.

'We think the majority of growth in the UK is going to come from new economy
stocks,' he says.

Scottish Equitable's investment strategy guru Alistair Byrne agrees. 'We have a
longer term preference for technology sectors but only established companies,
not startups,' he says.

He also warns of the excesses of the old economy stocks: 'We're seeing so
-called old economy stocks having to invest huge amounts of cash in technology
to keep up with the competition. They're leaking cash for not much gain, and
they're paying all the money into the new economy.'

Colin Morton, BWD Rensburg UK equities income trust fund manager, says this
relationship makes it impossible to look at the two economies in isolation.

'It's one economy where everyone is reliant on each other,' he says. 'If the so
-called old economy does badly then it is bad for the so-called new economy
because they are the ones buying the so-called new economy's products.'

And he believes that some old economy companies who have been adapting to demand
for more than 100 years will continue to do so and be profitable. He cites
Cadbury and Scottish & Newcastle as examples. 'People eat chocolate and they
drink beer. They won't stop.'

IFA Towry Law's Charles Levett Scrivener says old economy investments could even
outperform new economy investments over the shorter term.

'For people taking a 10-year view we are positive on the new economy, for
shorter term, five to 10 years and immediate income needs, it's the old economy,
' he says.

But with such diverse views on the future of the old and new economies, where do
investors go to get a slice of the massive gains seen in the new economy?

The head of research at Hargreaves Lansdown, Mark Dampier, says investors should
not choose between the two economies just now. 'You can't divorce the two
economies so it's probably best to put it into a growth fund and let the unit
trust manager do the worrying,' he says.

Sedgwick Independent Financial Consultants' research manager, Bob Marriott,
agrees, saying a growth fund is a good option for a balanced portfolio. 'At the
moment we just don't know which way it is going to jump,' he says.

And when you consider Standard & Poor's figures, which show a loss of 14.12% in
new economy investments over the past month, this advice appears sound.

But Mr Marriott warns it is not as simple as picking the first growth fund you
come across.

He says: 'You need to check the remit of the manager who should be able to take
advantage of any technology boom, but should not be rushing around buying
dot.coms.'


LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              29 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                              Global Times (China)

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Can India benefit from Chinese economic slowdown? Think twice

BYLINE: Zhao Gancheng

LENGTH: 694  words


As a rising power, India has set the economy as first priority since Prime
Minister Narendra Modi took office. His administration aims to achieve that goal
through advancing manufacturing and creating more jobs. New Delhi also holds the
ambition of replacing China as the new global factory. The slowdown in the
Chinese growth rate seems to offer India a good chance to reach the goal.

Some Indian media argue that the slowing pace of Chinese growth will be a chance
for India to seek a leading role in the global economy and India could replace
China as the global economic engine. This argument raises the question of the
nature, relevance and interactions of the Chinese and Indian economy.Many
analysts correctly point out that the two economies started nearly at the same
level in 1980s until the early 1990s, when the per capita GDP was almost the
same. But in the next two decades, the fast growth of Chinese economy has
widened the gap. There are many factors that have hampered the Indian economy,
and the most important reasons lie in their policy options and domestic
development rather than external environment or international factors. Frankly,
China confronted a much harsher external situation during the period than India
did.The Indian economy is full of potential, and how to make it become real
growth tests the wisdom of leaders. When Modi was chief minister of Gujarat, the
state's remarkable achievements were a proof of how important good policies are.
The Indian people chose Modi as their leader in the hope that the Gujarat model
can be copied to the whole nation.As for China, having developed fast for
decades, its economy has reached a new level with an annual GDP as high as $10
trillion ($7,594 per capita), compared to India's more than $2 trillion ($1,631
per capita). Given that accumulation and development, the Chinese economy has
entered the "new normal," in which high growth rate turns to a medium rate, and
the economic restructuring is well underway. China is pursuing a higher level on
the economic stage.That, in principle, should not affect the Indian economy
negatively. The two economies are now in two different categories. Chinese
actions will affect the developed economies enormously, as has already been
observed, but whether it grows fast or slow will not affect the Indian economy
much.The success of the Indian economy in the years ahead lies in a number of
crucial elements, and the most important ones are likely the leadership's policy
options and internal interactions, which have so far not yet presented a very
optimistic picture. Although Modi has been devoted to creating an FDI friendly
environment in order to attract more investment, the results have not been as
good as expected. Local interests are difficult for the federal government to
coordinate and address when implementing relevant policies.Although the Chinese
economy does not compete directly with the Indian one, the effect the former
imposes on the global economy is likely to influence the Indian economy. In this
regard, whether a slowing Chinese economy will really create more opportunities
for the Indian economy needs rethinking.The key to understanding the situation
is the interactions between the global economy and the Indian economy. When the
Indian economy developed very slowly, one of the reasons was the government's
choice to keep the Indian economy distant from the global economy.That was also
the root cause for reform first in the early 1990s and now by Modi. Thus, if the
global economy slows down further as part of the results of Chinese economic
restructuring, it would be difficult to see why a sluggish world economy would
help the Indian economy anyway. In fact, India's growth rate of the second
quarter this year has fallen to 7 percent from 7.5 percent of the first quarter,
perhaps an indication of influence of the global decline. That is a warning sign
that both China and India may have to work together to find complementary
approaches for sake of their own interests.The author is director of Center for
Asia-Pacific Studies, Shanghai Institutes for International Studies.
opinion@globaltimes.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1448


                          Copyright 2015 Global Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 23, 2014 Sunday

Iranian daily outlines private sector role in Resistance Economy

LENGTH: 1014 words


Text of commentary by Reza Bakhshiani: "Crucial and Non-Crucial [points] in
Resistance Economy", publiahse by privately-owned business newspaper Donya-ye
Eqtesad on 17 March

In the last few years the supreme leader has discussed the issue of the economy
of resistance repeatedly. The codification of the general policies of the
economy of resistance at the meeting of the Assembly for the Discernment of
Interests in Government Affairs and their propagation by the supreme leader on
30 Bahman this year [19 February 2014] has opened a new door for the study of
the nation's economic problems and difficulties.

However, what is the economy of resistance and what are its crucial and
non-crucial points? In recent weeks various experts have presented a wave of
different and sometimes contradictory views and opinions about the "resistance
economy." Some of them have done no more than provide definitions and
fundamentals, while others have directed their attention to executive policies
and procedures.

Since the "resistance economy" is a value model and a norm for the economic
outlook, objectives and strategies of the Islamic Republic system in the present
circumstances, this model logically has crucial and non-crucial points that can
form its framework and prevent the dispersion of views and opinions. In this
article the author intends to clarify and explain some of these crucial and
non-crucial points.

The resistance economy cannot be closed or isolated.

Contrary to the thinking of some of the experts, one cannot form a resistance
economy without forming a chain of regional and international economic
relations. The last half-century and especially the last two decades have seen
an increase in the volume of regional and international economic transactions in
such a way that today many nations have become interdependent in various ways.

Of course this dependence is conceptually different than the dependence we saw
in the past. In the last two decades a new kind of dependence has formed among
various nations, which is called "interdependence." In this type of dependence
nations have become dependent on each other in various economic ways. For
example if on the one hand China's economic growth is indebted to a large amount
of investments by European and American companies and in this sense China's
economy is considered dependent on Europe and America, on the other hand a
significant part of the welfare of the people of the European nations and
America is indebted to the goods produced in China that are exported to these
nations.

Thus any kind of disruption in the economic stability of a nation like China
could have a serious impact on the quality of life and the welfare of the people
of this nation. On this account the closure or isolation of an economy in
today's world not only does not mean more economic independence, it is also seen
as a lack of economic dependence by other nations on such an economy.

In simple language, the stability and lasting growth of such an economy is of no
concern to other nations and in a world formed by a chain of economic
interdependencies, an economy that is more closed and more isolated will be less
enduring and consequently less resistant.

A resistance economy cannot be an austere economy.

Some experts have said the resistance economy is another way of saying an
economy of austerity and is in fact that same policy of economic austerity. In
policies based on economic austerity, by reducing expenditures and increasing
taxes governments try to reduce their budget deficits and debts in times of
economic crisis. In this situation the people pay higher taxes despite receiving
fewer services such as health care and education.

Yet in the statement about the general policies of the economy of resistance,
one does not see policies or approaches that recommend or emphasize the policies
of an economy of austerity. On the other hand the first paragraph of the
policies has emphasized "providing conditions and activating all the nation's
resources and financial, scientific and human capital to develop
entrepreneurship and maximize participation by the elements of society in
economic activities by facilitating and encouraging collective cooperation and
emphasizing raising the incomes and roles of the lower-and middle-income
classes."

The resistance economy cannot be a government economy.

Some experts have seen the resistance economy as an economy in which the
government has the biggest role and share. This view has also justified a large
amount of intervention in Iran's economy by people in government positions on
the pretext of the resistance economy, the intensification of sanctions and
other things.

As was said, with a comprehensive study of the general policies of the economy
of resistance one can see that a significant part of these policies is directed
at government activities, but these are not activities by people in government
positions. These policies are directed at activities on the government's
policy-making scene.

Reducing executive involvement and involvement by people in government positions
in the economy, providing for more private sector and non-government
involvement, reducing the monopolies of government and quasi-governmental
companies, reforming the administrative system, achieving the electronic
government and other things are all important parts of the policy-making scene
the government manages.

This may be why the supreme leader has seen the overall policies of the economy
of resistance as "a continuation and completion of the policies of the past,
especially the general policies of Constitution Article 44." Therefore the
economy of resistance cannot be a government economy or an inactive, slow or
crippling economy. The economy of resistance is an economy whose main share of
economic activity belongs to the creative, entrepreneurial and innovate private
and non-governmental sectors. In such an economy the government will rely mostly
on support, guidance and oversight roles.

Sherif University doctoral student

Source: Donya-ye Eqtesad website in Persian 17 Mar 14

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     February 3, 2003 Monday Final Edition

Tax cuts can't lure cheaters from hidden economy: Underground economy has grown
to 16% from 3.5%;
 those involved have become too comfortable to quit

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Eric Beauchesne

SECTION: News; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 566 words

Recent tax cuts may have been too little too late to wean cheats off an
underground economy that, fed by two decades of tax increases, has ballooned to
the size of the economies of B.C. and Saskatchewan combined.

While higher taxes drive people into the underground economy, lower taxes won't
necessarily lure them back into the above-ground economy, say tax specialists,
including the author of a major study into the problem.

Tax cheaters may have become too comfortable in the hidden economy, said Lindsay
Tedds, co-author of Taxes and the Canadian Underground Economy.

The study estimated the underground economy had grown to almost 16 per cent of
the above-ground economy by the mid-1990s from 3.5 per cent in the early 1970s.
That would suggest that $130 billion a year in income from legal and illegal
activities is being hidden from governments and not taxed, costing $44 billion a
year in lost revenues.

"One of the authors' principal findings is that there is a strong association
between increases in effective tax rates and increases in the size of the
underground economy," a summary of the study in the latest edition of the
Canadian Tax Journal, published by the Canadian Tax Foundation, an industry
research organization, said.

The reverse is not necessarily the case, Ms. Tedds said.

"The period of high taxation drives people into the underground economy where
they establish close relationships and social networks between other people who
are active in the underground economy," she said. "In addition, the profits are
higher and the investments in real and human capital are lower in the
underground economy.

"As a result, once they become active in the hidden sector, there is little
incentive to transfer back to the observed economy, even over the long run," she
said. "This implies that major tax reforms may only be able to stabilize the
size of the underground economy rather than shrink it," she said, adding further
research will be needed to see what, if any, impact the tax cuts have had on the
underground economy.

David Perry, an economist with the Canadian Tax Foundation, disagreed, in part.
"If you see a reduction in tax rates, you should see a reduction in the size of
the underground economy," he said.

However, he agreed that recent tax cuts might not have been enough to shrink the
underground economy, in part because the study also found that economic growth
in the above-ground economy feeds growth in the underground economy.

"There's a sort of direct relationship there that could overpower the reduction
in taxes," Mr. Perry said. He also noted that about half of the
$130-billion-a-year estimate for the size of the underground economy comes from
illegal activity that would not be reduced by lower taxes.

But criminal activity aside, Ms. Tedds said people engage and remain in the
underground economy for a variety of reasons.

"Other issues, such as the regulatory burden, indirect taxation (such as the
GST), perceived fairness of the tax system, social security contributions,
payroll taxes, and enforcement also affect a person's decision to participate in
and/or remain in the underground economy," she said.

"A government aiming to decrease underground economic activity has to first and
foremost analyse the complex and frequently contradictory relationships," she
said.

And they haven't, added Mr. Perry.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Bach a jazz wonder?

                               September 23, 2000

Magdalene Lum


More to Business than old Economy By Class action heats up in the air as more
airlines like British Airways offer super economy class like its World Traveller
Plus. By (United Airlines)

CLASS DIVISIONS

More airlines are introducing an intermediate class between economy and business
class to cater to more cost- and quality-conscious flyers

NOBODY enjoys travelling long distances to far-off destinations like Los
Angeles, Rome, London or Helsinki wedged into narrow seats with little or no
legroom.

Yet many airline passengers travelling on economy class suffer in silence these
days as they cannot afford to fly the much more expensive business class or
first class.

So, to cater to those looking for value for money and quality travel as well as
business travellers who are cost-conscious, some international airlines have
introduced a special Economy Plus class.

This offers more comfortable and wider business class-like seats, and better
food.

Taiwan's EVA Air, British Airways (BA) and United Airlines (UA) now offer
Economy Plus on certain routes.

KLM Royal Dutch Airlines plans to introduce it next March and Scandinavian
Airlines System (SAS) next September. Prices for SAS Economy Plus will be the
same as those for economy Full Flex tickets, or about 65 per cent of business
class prices, says a SAS spokesman.

Eva Air started the ball rolling with its Evergreen Deluxe Class (Economy Plus)
11 years ago when the airline was founded.

The flights comprise 45 per cent of the airline's sales here and are popular
with business travellers, says an EVA Air spokesman.

Some 30 to 40 per cent of airline seats are devoted to this class, she adds.

UA introduced Economy Plus class last year for its domestic flights while BA
introduced World Traveller Plus super economy class in January for its
London-New York route.

Thus far, Singapore Airlines (SIA), Northwest, Qantas, Lufthansa, Air France and
Emirates are resisting the innovation, however.

An SIA airline spokesman said: "We believe that the existing three classes --
first, business and economy -- are meeting customer needs at the present."

Meanwhile, Northwest launched an upgraded International Business Class together
with KLM recently.

It provides 55 per cent more legroom, improved incline and other improvements
for business class passengers.

TAKING A GLANCE AT THE NEW ECONOMY PLUS

HERE is what Economy Plus class provides on three airlines:

EVA AIR

Its Evergreen Deluxe Class offers the spaciousness of business class using
modified business class seats with extended leg- and foot-rests, roomy 18.5-inch
wide seats (46.9 cm) and seat backs that recline at 24 deg. Instead of three
seats across along the windows and four in the middle, it has two seats at the
windows and three in the middle in all its new Boeing 747 and McDonnald Douglas
(MD)-11 flights. An expanded 38-inch (96.5-cm) spacing between the rows allows
more stretching space for passengers.

In addition, passengers can watch movies on their own personal video screens and
eat off elegant china.

WHAT YOU PAY: $ 760 for a return trip to Taipei compared to $ 710 for economy on
a ticket valid for 30 days. For a return ticket to New York, you pay $ 1,890,
compared to $ 1,610 for an economy-class ticket which is valid for a year.

BRITISH AIRWAYS

Its World Traveller Plus (WTP) on a Boeing 747-400 takes up 30 to 36 seats. They
are wider and have more leg room, adjustable leg-rests and lumbar support. The
seat pitch is 38 inches (96.5 cm) or seven inches (17.7 cm) more than for
economy class.

In addition, there are telephones and in-seat power for laptops which enable you
to work during flight. You also get double hand-luggage allowance, telephone
check-in and frequent flyer mileage.

WHAT YOU PAY: 25 per cent more than the World Traveller or Economy Class.

UNITED AIRLINES:

The airline reconfigured the first six to 11 rows of its economy class aircraft
for the super economy class in front of economy class. Passengers get 5 inches
(12.7 cm) more leg room. The number of seats vary from 36 to 89, depending on
the aircraft. The seat pitch is 36 inches (91.4 cm) in the Airbus 320s and
Boeings 757s and 35-inches (88.9 cm) in all other reconfigured aircraft.

WHAT YOU PAY: There is no difference in price between the Economy Plus Class and
the Economy Class as this super economy class is meant for frequent business
travellers who achieve Star Alliance Gold or Silver status and Mileage Plus
members who have travelled 25,000 or more air miles. They can reserve advance
seating on a first-come-first serve-basis. The same applies for those travelling
on full economy fare.

There's more Plus than minus

WHAT is it like to travel in Economy Plus class? Two passengers comment

MR C. C. CHAU, 39, A BUSINESSMAN: "I travel on the Evergreen Deluxe Class on Eva
Air, a Taiwanese airline, 12 times a year, on business trips from Singapore to
Taipei and back.

"The food is something between business and economy class. I get the same main
course as business class passengers. Even the appetisers are the same. But the
service is more like economy class as all the food is placed on a tray. The
service is different from business class where you get the meal plate by plate.

"But I would still prefer flying Economy Plus even for holiday trips as it gives
me more value for money. For instance, I pay $ 760 for a round trip to Taipei
which is $ 50 to $ 100 more than economy class, depending on the travel agent
and the time of travel.

"The economy fare ranges from $ 680 to $ 700. But the Economy Plus class ticket
is $ 700 less compared to $ 1,500 for a round trip business class ticket to
Taipei.

"In addition, I also get my own personal video. And the seats are located in the
front section of the aircraft equivalent to the first class section of a
Singapore Airlines (SIA) flight. If I travel on SIA, I would go on economy class
as its business class is too expensive.

"I hope more airlines will have an economy plus class like Eva Air. I noticed
that its Economy Plus seats are always filled up before the economy seats."

SAXONE WOON, 37, A BUSINESSMAN: "I've flown twice on Eva Air's Evergreen Deluxe
Class -- once to New York two years ago and also to Taipei. I get business
class-like seats but without the frills.

"In business class, you can choose a menu and eat off plates, but in Economy
Plus you get food served on a tray like in economy class. The food is almost the
same as economy class but it does not matter to me as what I want is more
comfortable seats.

"Normally I travel economy, but I do not mind paying a bit more for long-haul
flights. For instance, my return airfare to New York was $ 1,400. It was a few
hundred dollars more than the economy price of about $ 1,100.

"I do not mind taking the Economy Plus class even for leisure trips if the price
is reasonable."

Pedal away in N. Ireland

TRAVELLERS with a sense of adventure and love of the great outdoors can now
explore the unspoilt scenery of Northern Ireland from the saddle of a bicycle.

For The Emerald Trail, Irish Bicycle Tours is now offering holiday-makers a
choice of four seven-day cycling tours around North and North-West Ireland.

On these leisurely rides, you can visit scenic attractions, country lanes and
backroads.

A local guide accompanies the tours and there is a backup mini bus at all times,
for cyclists to jump aboard when they are tired.

The tour itineraries include Country Down and St Patrick's country; The Western
Loughs featuring Fermanagh Lakeland, South Donegal and the Sperrins; Dalriada
which includes the Causeway Coast, Glens of Antrim and the Sperrins; and
Donegal.

Each day's cycling comprises a core route for everyone, plus extensions, which
are aimed at the more ambitious cyclist.

A seven-day tour, including seven nights' stay, all dinners and breakfasts,
airport transfers, services of a guide, minibus support, detailed maps and
directions, taxes and gratuities, costs about (pound)798 (S$ 1,960). Airfare is
not included.

<sol,box> To book, call 011-44-2890-813200 or e-mail info@emeraldtrail.com. The
website address: www.emeraldtrail.com. You can also contact Tony Boyd at The
Emerald Trail, 15 Ballyknockan Road, Saintfied, Co. Down BT24 7HQ, Northern
Ireland.

For assistance, you can call the British Tourist Authority here on 227-5400 or
log on to www.visitbritain.com/sg

SECTION: Life; Life!; Star Treks; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1412 words

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              33 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Bach a jazz wonder?

                               September 23, 2000

Magdalene Lum


More to Business than old Economy By Class action heats up in the air as more
airlines like British Airways offer super economy class like its World Traveller
Plus. By (United Airlines)

CLASS DIVISIONS

More airlines are introducing an intermediate class between economy and business
class to cater to more cost- and quality-conscious flyers

NOBODY enjoys travelling long distances to far-off destinations like Los
Angeles, Rome, London or Helsinki wedged into narrow seats with little or no
legroom.

Yet many airline passengers travelling on economy class suffer in silence these
days as they cannot afford to fly the much more expensive business class or
first class.

So, to cater to those looking for value for money and quality travel as well as
business travellers who are cost-conscious, some international airlines have
introduced a special Economy Plus class.

This offers more comfortable and wider business class-like seats, and better
food.

Taiwan's EVA Air, British Airways (BA) and United Airlines (UA) now offer
Economy Plus on certain routes.

KLM Royal Dutch Airlines plans to introduce it next March and Scandinavian
Airlines System (SAS) next September. Prices for SAS Economy Plus will be the
same as those for economy Full Flex tickets, or about 65 per cent of business
class prices, says a SAS spokesman.

Eva Air started the ball rolling with its Evergreen Deluxe Class (Economy Plus)
11 years ago when the airline was founded.

The flights comprise 45 per cent of the airline's sales here and are popular
with business travellers, says an EVA Air spokesman.

Some 30 to 40 per cent of airline seats are devoted to this class, she adds.

UA introduced Economy Plus class last year for its domestic flights while BA
introduced World Traveller Plus super economy class in January for its
London-New York route.

Thus far, Singapore Airlines (SIA), Northwest, Qantas, Lufthansa, Air France and
Emirates are resisting the innovation, however.

An SIA airline spokesman said: "We believe that the existing three classes --
first, business and economy -- are meeting customer needs at the present."

Meanwhile, Northwest launched an upgraded International Business Class together
with KLM recently.

It provides 55 per cent more legroom, improved incline and other improvements
for business class passengers.

TAKING A GLANCE AT THE NEW ECONOMY PLUS

HERE is what Economy Plus class provides on three airlines:

EVA AIR

Its Evergreen Deluxe Class offers the spaciousness of business class using
modified business class seats with extended leg- and foot-rests, roomy 18.5-inch
wide seats (46.9 cm) and seat backs that recline at 24 deg. Instead of three
seats across along the windows and four in the middle, it has two seats at the
windows and three in the middle in all its new Boeing 747 and McDonnald Douglas
(MD)-11 flights. An expanded 38-inch (96.5-cm) spacing between the rows allows
more stretching space for passengers.

In addition, passengers can watch movies on their own personal video screens and
eat off elegant china.

WHAT YOU PAY: $ 760 for a return trip to Taipei compared to $ 710 for economy on
a ticket valid for 30 days. For a return ticket to New York, you pay $ 1,890,
compared to $ 1,610 for an economy-class ticket which is valid for a year.

BRITISH AIRWAYS

Its World Traveller Plus (WTP) on a Boeing 747-400 takes up 30 to 36 seats. They
are wider and have more leg room, adjustable leg-rests and lumbar support. The
seat pitch is 38 inches (96.5 cm) or seven inches (17.7 cm) more than for
economy class.

In addition, there are telephones and in-seat power for laptops which enable you
to work during flight. You also get double hand-luggage allowance, telephone
check-in and frequent flyer mileage.

WHAT YOU PAY: 25 per cent more than the World Traveller or Economy Class.

UNITED AIRLINES:

The airline reconfigured the first six to 11 rows of its economy class aircraft
for the super economy class in front of economy class. Passengers get 5 inches
(12.7 cm) more leg room. The number of seats vary from 36 to 89, depending on
the aircraft. The seat pitch is 36 inches (91.4 cm) in the Airbus 320s and
Boeings 757s and 35-inches (88.9 cm) in all other reconfigured aircraft.

WHAT YOU PAY: There is no difference in price between the Economy Plus Class and
the Economy Class as this super economy class is meant for frequent business
travellers who achieve Star Alliance Gold or Silver status and Mileage Plus
members who have travelled 25,000 or more air miles. They can reserve advance
seating on a first-come-first serve-basis. The same applies for those travelling
on full economy fare.

There's more Plus than minus

WHAT is it like to travel in Economy Plus class? Two passengers comment

MR C. C. CHAU, 39, A BUSINESSMAN: "I travel on the Evergreen Deluxe Class on Eva
Air, a Taiwanese airline, 12 times a year, on business trips from Singapore to
Taipei and back.

"The food is something between business and economy class. I get the same main
course as business class passengers. Even the appetisers are the same. But the
service is more like economy class as all the food is placed on a tray. The
service is different from business class where you get the meal plate by plate.

"But I would still prefer flying Economy Plus even for holiday trips as it gives
me more value for money. For instance, I pay $ 760 for a round trip to Taipei
which is $ 50 to $ 100 more than economy class, depending on the travel agent
and the time of travel.

"The economy fare ranges from $ 680 to $ 700. But the Economy Plus class ticket
is $ 700 less compared to $ 1,500 for a round trip business class ticket to
Taipei.

"In addition, I also get my own personal video. And the seats are located in the
front section of the aircraft equivalent to the first class section of a
Singapore Airlines (SIA) flight. If I travel on SIA, I would go on economy class
as its business class is too expensive.

"I hope more airlines will have an economy plus class like Eva Air. I noticed
that its Economy Plus seats are always filled up before the economy seats."

SAXONE WOON, 37, A BUSINESSMAN: "I've flown twice on Eva Air's Evergreen Deluxe
Class -- once to New York two years ago and also to Taipei. I get business
class-like seats but without the frills.

"In business class, you can choose a menu and eat off plates, but in Economy
Plus you get food served on a tray like in economy class. The food is almost the
same as economy class but it does not matter to me as what I want is more
comfortable seats.

"Normally I travel economy, but I do not mind paying a bit more for long-haul
flights. For instance, my return airfare to New York was $ 1,400. It was a few
hundred dollars more than the economy price of about $ 1,100.

"I do not mind taking the Economy Plus class even for leisure trips if the price
is reasonable."

Pedal away in N. Ireland

TRAVELLERS with a sense of adventure and love of the great outdoors can now
explore the unspoilt scenery of Northern Ireland from the saddle of a bicycle.

For The Emerald Trail, Irish Bicycle Tours is now offering holiday-makers a
choice of four seven-day cycling tours around North and North-West Ireland.

On these leisurely rides, you can visit scenic attractions, country lanes and
backroads.

A local guide accompanies the tours and there is a backup mini bus at all times,
for cyclists to jump aboard when they are tired.

The tour itineraries include Country Down and St Patrick's country; The Western
Loughs featuring Fermanagh Lakeland, South Donegal and the Sperrins; Dalriada
which includes the Causeway Coast, Glens of Antrim and the Sperrins; and
Donegal.

Each day's cycling comprises a core route for everyone, plus extensions, which
are aimed at the more ambitious cyclist.

A seven-day tour, including seven nights' stay, all dinners and breakfasts,
airport transfers, services of a guide, minibus support, detailed maps and
directions, taxes and gratuities, costs about (pound)798 (S$ 1,960). Airfare is
not included.

<sol,box> To book, call 011-44-2890-813200 or e-mail info@emeraldtrail.com. The
website address: www.emeraldtrail.com. You can also contact Tony Boyd at The
Emerald Trail, 15 Ballyknockan Road, Saintfied, Co. Down BT24 7HQ, Northern
Ireland.

For assistance, you can call the British Tourist Authority here on 227-5400 or
log on to www.visitbritain.com/sg

SECTION: Life; Life!; Star Treks; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1412 words

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              34 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

China embraced commodity economy in 1984

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 620 words


Now as the world's second-largest economy, China's exceptional economic
performance has been so eye-catching that many have forgotten how hard the
country had struggled to kick-start its market economy.

China had cast away the way of political movement-centered national management
and started to re-focus on economic growth as its newly found aspiration in the
early 1980s. Behind that drive is the historic Third Plenary Session of the 11th
Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, at which the nation's top
leadership formally started to redress the wrong policies of the previous years
and delivered the famous call of "free our mind and seek truth from facts".

It is not easy to free the mind. Ultra-leftist thinking remained powerful at
that time and thwarted the smooth adoption of the market economy; a must-do
choice after China's planned economy almost collapsed due to repeated political
movements and the rigidity of the economic regime itself.

Still, market economy was a taboo. It was until in October, 1984 that for the
first time, policymakers introduced the idea of commodity economy into its
economic lexicon, paving the way for further liberalization of the economy and
market-oriented reforms. At the Third Plenary Session of the 12th CPC Central
Committee, which was held on October 20, 1984, the traditional concept that a
planned economy cannot go with a commodity economy was dropped and it was
declared that China will develop a socialist commodity economy.

The session decided that the nation should learn from the valuable experiences
of all countries, including those capitalist economies, to promote productivity
and build a socialist commodity economy. The development of commodity economy,
it said, is a necessary precondition for China's economic modernization.

"Commodity economy" is virtually a phemism of "market economy" at that time,
when people are not very knowledgeable about the idea of market economy and it
also seemed too radical for policymakers to explicitly assert their intent of
building a more efficient economic system where the market plays an important
role in distribution of resources.

The groundbreaking introduction of the idea of commodity economy carried on the
economic platform fixed at the Third Plenary Session of the 11th CPC Central
Committee and served as a springboard for the country to gradually usher in a
more mature market-based economy - China formally endorsed the socialist market
economy in 1993 and joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, ultimately
leading to its current economic prowess.

The decision to build a planned plus commodity-based economy is in line with
realities. Five years after the country started its reform and opening up drive
in late 1970s, people were no longer satisfied with the scarcity of commodities
in the market. They are eager to have access to freer supply of commodities to
improve their living standar.

According to historians on China's commercial economy, people at that time
needed to queue for a long time if they wanted to buy state-of-the-art household
electronic appliances, such as refrigerators, washing machines and TV sets. They
may need to start to queue one or two days ahead of the formal release day,
reflecting the inability of the economy to meet the growing demand for various
commodities.

Controversies surrounding commodity economy, however, abounded. The
ultra-leftist forces had never given up their efforts to return to the planned
management and refuse the role of the market, making China's road of economic
liberalization bumpy. However, the forces of market-based reforms have been
unstoppable and today; it has built itself into a strong and almost full-grown
market economy.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 10, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Economic Scene;
Lest we forget: each generation has its own 'new economy.'

BYLINE:  By Jeff Madrick;  This column appears here every Thursday. Jeff Madrick
is the editor of Challenge Magazine and a fellow at the Shorenstein Center at
Harvard University.

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1015 words


EVER since high-technology stocks began to plummet last spring, the press has
become increasingly disillusioned with the "new economy." But this was always a
loosely defined concept. As The Economist wrote in 1999, the stunning economic
boom of the late 1990's needed a "very big idea" to explain it. The press, Wall
Street and a handful of influential authors rushed to fill the void.

Such a big idea is rarely right, and some might argue it is disingenuous to
criticize it in retrospect. But America took the new economy seriously, causing
a lot of damage. The enthusiasm the term fostered, the sense of authority it
conveyed, convinced Americans that they might at last have solved their central
economic problems. Yet a recession may arrive long before family income is back
on a firm growth track and enough people have been lifted out of poverty.

Claims that there was a new economy helped justify soaring stock prices that
could not possibly be maintained and enormous commitments of capital to new
ventures that inevitably went bad. While economists wrung their hands over
America's lack of savings, tens of billions of dollars that could have been
spent more wisely were dissipated.

What was the genesis of the idea? Research I recently completed at the Joan
Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy at Harvard shows
that the press, business economists and economics authors have been using the
term "new economy" since the 1970's to describe many different and often
unrelated things. Sometimes it was about computer technology. But it has also
been used to describe a service economy, globalization, the two-worker family,
stagnating wages, the rise of small companies, deindustrialization and corporate
restructuring.

In the 70's, there were references to a new economy as the nation tried to
adjust to high inflation and expensive oil. Fuel-efficient cars were called new-
economy cars. By 1981, some made the familiar claim that a new economy would no
longer be subject to harsh recessions; the worst recession since World War II
began the next year.

In the mid-1980's, the idea of a new economy gained wide acceptance. There were
books with titles like "Doing Business in the New Economy" and "Understanding a
New Economy." In 1986, Fortune hailed "America's New Economy" on its cover, as
did U.S. News & World Report. Business Week asserted that the nation was
undergoing "the most revolutionary economic change in a century -- the emergence
of a 'new economy' of services and high technology."

The reason for the mid-1980's exuberance was not hard to trace. By the end of
1985, the economy had strung together three strong years. But in 1987 the stock
market crashed and economic growth ultimately sputtered. It was time for another
new economy, but this time an economy of strain. "Sacrifice and industriousness
will be the features of the new economy," Business Week wrote.

There have always been "new eras" and "new ages," but such phrases never before
gushed forth as frequently as they did in the last two decades. Partly, the
repeated claims of epochal changes reflected increasing competition in the
business media and on Wall Street; big ideas, after all, attract attention.

But the modern era was also both confusing and disappointing. The 1970's began
with virulent inflation and were followed by high unemployment rates, insecure
jobs, falling wages and historically slow productivity growth. Americans seemed
to hope that a new economy would come along to sweep their problems away, and
many were willing to oblige them.

By the late 1990's, claims about a new economy at last had staying power. The
surprisingly strong economy of 1996 and 1997 did not peter out. Capital
investment in new technologies continued to grow rapidly, the unemployment rate
fell, and, most important, productivity grew rapidly again.

From 1985 to 1995, the business press had about 775 references to a new economy.
In 1998 alone, there were more than 1,000.

Even in the late 1990's, however, it was hard to tie the new economy down to a
precise definition. Most analysts and the press attributed the strong economy to
the spread of the computer. But just how information technology produced these
gains was far from clear.

Some economists, like Robert Gordon of Northwestern University, argued that much
of the increase in productivity had to do with the cyclical strength of the
economy, and that any additional gains were being made by the producers of
computers, not their customers.

Ironically, even the proponents of the new economy seemed insecure. The
Economist wrote that most experts believed it would require the Internet to
solidify the new economy's gains. But sales on the Internet were too minuscule
even by 2001 to have accounted for rapid economic growth.

It was the rising stock market, not economic analysis, that pressed the new
economy indelibly into the nation's consciousness. High-tech stocks soared in
1999, and references to the new economy in the business press tripled, to more
than 3,000.

In 2000, such references totaled more than 20,000, and hyperbole was rampant.
"Thanks to wondrous new technology," The Economist wrote, "the business cycle
was supposedly consigned to the history books, and productivity would grow
forever at a miraculous rate."

Now, the economy is slowing, dot-coms are failing, venture capital has dried up,
fortunes are lost, as is a goodly portion of retirement savings, and doubters
are rising from the woodwork. Is a more clear-headed age upon us?

It is not likely. We economics writers cannot seem to get out of the way. The
Wall Street Journal recently wondered, for example, whether there would be a
"New Economy growth recession."

There is little doubt that information technology is having a constructive
impact on the nation's capacity to produce goods and services. But claims that
America had a new economy rested more on the need for simple answers and
promises of deliverance from difficult times than it did on solid economic
analysis. Reasonable people will make mistakes, but such cynicism exacts a
price.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: As high-technology stocks soared, financial journalists like
Alexis Christoforous of CBS MarketWatch began referring to the "new economy."
(Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              36 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             October 6, 2000 Friday
                                  Late Edition

There's more to a new economy than IT stocks;
Opinion & Comment

BYLINE: Peter Costello, Peter Costello is the Federal Treasurer.

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 664 words


Peter Costello argues that it is drawing a long bow to conclude that exchange
rates move in correlation to exports of IT hardware.

The test of a new economy is whether a nation can improve productivity to grow
its economy faster without inflationary pressures

THERE has been a lot of talk, in the light of recent exchange rate movements,
about whether Australia is a new economy or an old economy. As evidence of our
old economy status, people cite Australia's trade deficit in information
technology (IT) hardware (for example, we import more computers than we export)
and the allegedly low proportion of IT stocks in our sharemarket capitalisation.

But the story doesn't fit the facts. Not in Australia. Not anywhere. If the test
of a new economy is having a trade surplus in computer hardware then the United
States, with the world's largest trade deficit in these products, must be the
oldest economy in the world.

On the other hand, with their trade surpluses in these products, South Korea,
Thailand and the Philippines must be the stand-out new economies. On this theory
their exchange rates would be rocketing against the greenback, but they are not.

If the test of a new economy is the proportion of IT stocks in national
sharemarket capitalisation, then Finland and Brazil are the world's newest
economies much newer than the US.

If the test of a new economy is growth in the share of IT stocks in national
sharemarket capitalisation, then Europe has a much newer economy than the US.
Since 1990, the share of IT stocks in total market capitalisation in Europe has
grown by 130 per cent, against 80 per cent growth in the US. Yet the euro is
weak and the US dollar is strong.

If the test of a new economy is having a trade surplus in computer and
information services then Australia, with an annual trade surplus of some $100
million in these services, has a very new economy. But the test of a new economy
is not how many computers you make or whether there is a surplus or deficit in
hardware. The test of a new economy is whether you can improve productivity to
grow your economy faster without inflationary pressures.

And harnessing information technology to improve productivity in industries
right across the board can help that process.

Of course, a sensible policy would be to have a range of industries all
operating at high productivity. The value of a country's resources is maximised
when its investment is directed to the best returns, generally in those areas of
its competitive advantage.

A September 25 survey in The Economist says "the popular distinction between the
old economy and the new economy completely misses the point. The most important
aspect of the new economy is not the shift to high-tech industries, but the way
that IT will improve the efficiency of all parts of the economy, especially old-
economy firms. Historically, the biggest economic gains from a new technology
have come not from its invention and production, but from its exploitation."

These views echo a comprehensive international study by the OECD which concluded
recently that Australia was among only a handful of economies that had managed
to achieve a significant lift in productivity performance in recent years, due
in part to

Australia's impressive record in the exploitation of new technologies.

Before concluding that there would be a dramatic exchange rate effect if
Australia manufactured more hardware it would be well to look at what has been
happening to computer prices.

What the facts show is that since the early 1990s computer hardware prices have
fallen by about 18 per cent a year year after year. This is a result of improved
processes of manufacture, economies of scale and continual competition for
manufacture in low-cost jurisdictions. These price reductions are good news for
computer importers like Australia, but bad news for countries that are computer
exporters.

It's drawing a long bow to conclude that exchange rates move in correlation to
exports of IT hardware.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2000 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 23, 2015 Sunday

Afghan TV debates future of economy after recent dramatic downturn

LENGTH: 1450 words


Independent Tolo TV's "Sia wa Safid" ("Black and White") programme on 19 August
debated the worsening economy in Afghanistan and the IMF forecast that Kabul
will not be able to even pay for its operating budget by 2035.

The guests in the programme were: Central Bank President Khalil Sediq, Private
Ghazanfar Bank President Siar Qoreshi, Commerce Minister Homayun Rasa and
Economy Minister Sattar Morad.

Market economy in turmoil

Central Bank President Khalil Sediq blamed the abuse of the free market economy
in over a decade for the current economic turmoil dramatically increased after
the withdrawal of the most of the US-led NATO troops.

Sediq said: "Before talking about the outcome of the free market economy in
Afghanistan, I will discuss here if there is any alternative to the free market
economy in the world. The free market economy has proved its success in the
world. The most developed countries in Europe, America and Asia are following
the free market economy. However, the free market economy enshrined in the
Constitution of Afghanistan was spoiled in the absence of the right laws and
regulations related to the implementation of the free market economy. The
economic system in Afghanistan does not even resemble the free market economy.
On the contrary, a mafia and contract-based economy was formed in Afghanistan,
because billions of dollars were poured through the big and lucrative contracts
of the US and NATO forces awarded to a few powerful people. So, these powerful
people led the entire economy astray. The free market economy means implementing
the law related to it just as democracy. You cannot call it a free market
economy but economic anarchism without implementing the laws related to it.
Unfortunately, an economic anarchism had been prevalent in Afghanistan in the
past 13 or 14 years. All the laws have been violated and not implemented."

He criticized the governments of the past 14 years for merely copying the free
market economy regulations of other countries to Afghanistan without first
preparing the ground and the necessary regulations.

He also said most of the economic laws, which not applicable in Afghanistan now,
were prepared with the help of the Afghan expats educated in the West who were
away from Afghanistan for some three decades.

Private Ghazanfar Bank President Siar Qoreshi blamed the current worrying
economic situation in Afghanistan on the mafia and unnatural economy shaped in
Afghanistan with the money poured by US-led NATO forces.

He said: "Unfortunately, our economy had been a shadow one. It means illegal
economic activities have been mixed with the official Afghan government economy.
The money was poured to Afghanistan like a tsunami in the past 13 years through
contracts given by [foreign forces]. Contracts alone cannot build the economy of
a country. If it had built the economy, then why has unemployment risen today?
Why is there a budget deficit today?"

He criticized the governments of the past 13 years for failing to provide the
necessary facilities for traders and investors and for failing to help provide
the necessary training to the labour force.

Commerce Minister Homayun Rasa blamed a lack of proper economic regulations and
weak governance in the past many years for today's government failure to even
meet its ordinary budget.

He said: "In my opinion, Afghanistan jumped from a planned economy to the free
market economy without a transition period being arranged...According to the
Constitution, Afghanistan has a free market economy, but there is confusion in
practice. In practice, we cannot call the current system as the free market
economy. The necessary prerequisites did not exist in the past many years,
especially in the past 10 years."

Economy Minister Sattar Morad was asked to comment on the decline of the
Afghanistan economic growth to 1.9 in 2014 from 9.2 per cent in 2010.

The minister said: "There are reasons for this downward trend. For instance,
attention was not paid to many important factors in Afghanistan in the past to
help the free market economy prove its effectiveness today. One of the factors
has been a lack of security. The free market economy does not work in the
absence of security. The other factor was the previous government's lack of
attention to building infrastructures. The policy encouraging exports and
reducing imports did not exist as well. As I said earlier, the free market
economy cannot work in the absence of policy, regulation and law. There were
many other factors for the problem. No attention was paid to the extraction of
Afghanistan's minerals and creating employment. There were many factors that the
economic growth tumbled after the withdrawal of the foreign forces from
Afghanistan and contracted to two per cent or 1.9 per cent."

Solution

Central Bank President Khalil Sediq called for government intervention in the
economic activities as the only way to deal with the problem.

He said: "There is no alternative to the free market economy. This system is
implemented in different countries with their own particular standards and
methods. To make the system successful, the government must intervene in many
sectors. We are not in the position of the Western Europe and America. We are
rather in the level of Afghanistan where the private sector still does not have
a precise understanding of the free market economy. The Afghan private sector
only knows buying and selling. There is no doubt that this is only a fragment of
the market economy. I believe the government should do two things: It should
precisely lead the economic activities. I am not saying it should control it.
The government should only lead the economy and prepare regulations and
solutions. The government needs to increase its role in some cases and intervene
in economic fields vital for the people."

Asked whether it will be possible to make a distinction between the free market
economy and controlled economy, the Central Bank president said: "In England,
all the underground system was in the control of the government until six or
seven years ago. We cannot call it a socialistic economy. In Germany, the
government is the only one that has invested in the city transport sector."

Private Ghazanfar Bank President Siar Qoreshi said only a strong commitment and
practical action by the government could help improve the economy since the
factors that tumbled the economic growth had already been diagnosed. He called
for urgent investment in the mineral extraction and power generation, saying
major international donors would be ready to fund projects.

Commerce Minister Homayun Rasa said his ministry was now reviewing the
economic-related laws to help deal with the legal problems affecting the
economic growth.

Rasa said: "The first part of our programme is to review all the laws related to
trade, investment and economy. This is the programme of my 100-Day Action
Plan...I talked to the minister of finance about the taxation laws. The Ministry
of Finance had been setting the amount of taxes with the aim of increasing
government revenue. However, the Cabinet decided after discussions that the
taxation committee should be the only body to discuss taxes. The committee will
assess whether the taxes will help support our local industry and contribute to
our national economic growth."

Economy Minister Sattar Morad assured the people and the private sector
investors that the government would soon deal with some of the major challenges
blamed for the economic turmoil.

He said: "It is right that the current economic condition does not seem much
good. However, the outlook for improved security situation is positive. You saw
the beginning of the face-to-face talks between the Taleban and the Afghan
government in Islamabad which was supervised by the US and China. Pakistan, the
main factor in the conflict in Afghanistan, hosted the talks. The optimisms that
the security will be ensured are increasing with each passing day. There was a
political objective behind the recent fighting in different Afghan provinces and
the militants were trying to extract tribute. They knew that the peace talks
would begin in the near future. As the minister of economy, I personally believe
that Afghanistan will have very good economic prospect. This is the reason that
the programmes of the Ministry of Economy are aimed at improving and encouraging
the private sector and investing in minerals and educated people who became
familiar with the new and modern technology in the past man years," said the
minister.

He also said Afghanistan would become a major electricity producer in the region
given its vast resources and potentials.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1800 gmt 19 Aug 15

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Revolution Guards leaving economic projects unnecessary Iran commentary

LENGTH: 992 words


Text of commentary by Sa'id Leylaz: "The Exit of the IRGC From the Economy Is
Unnecessary" published by leading moderate reformist Iranian daily E'temad
website on 26 October

The presence of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps [IRGC] and of the government
in the economy is equally harmful. As [President Hassan] Rouhani attempts to
prevent increase of the IRGC's economic activities, he must similarly be
determined to exclude the government. According to Leylaz, the exit of the IRGC
from the economy is beneficial, but the exit of this entity from economic
projects is an unnecessary action.

Last year I proposed that the government not increase or decrease the presence
of the IRGC in the economy, and that it strengthen the private sector in order
to compete with the IRGC by preserving the situation. Despite the delay of the
government in the liberalization of the economy, the government has taken action
in line with this recommendation.

The performance and productivity of economic institutions and their wealth are
more important than the ownership and the type of control over them. Before
analysing the type of control and dependency of the economic institution owners,
one should examine whether an economic institution is operating productively or
not. At the moment, the most important economic issue of the country is
liberalization and boosting the power of the private sector. If the economy of
the country moves towards liberalization, quasi-governmental or paramilitary
systems can automatically complete with private sector. Creating economic
stability and peace in the country is as important as political peace. Rouhani
has had a successful performance in the area of political peace. The 25 per cent
growth in capital formation supports this argument. Today the private area of
economy has more tendency towards investment, and Iran's economy has more
competitiveness capability compared to the past. Despite this, economic
liberalization with the objective of increasing the productivity has not
progressed with the expected speed, and the reason may be the economic crisis in
the country. In fact, the involvement of Armed Forces in economy in a way is
also the result of international sanctions against Iran. In general, when there
are sanctions against the country, the Armed Forces have no choice but to
intervene in the economy. However, this situation can also change. If Iran's
economy moves towards more stability, the share of the private sector and the
investment of this sector will accelerate in economy, and the share of military
and government institutions will be automatically reduced. Last year, I
recommended that the government not reduce or increase the level of the IRGC's
participation in the economy, and that it strengthen the private sector to
compete with IRGC by preserving the existing situation. Despite the delay of the
government in liberalization of the economy, the government has taken action in
line with this recommendation.

We shall not reduce the existing share of assets of the Armed Forces. Instead we
shall move in the direction of reducing not only their share but also the
government's share in the economy. From a scientific point of view, the IRGC,
like the government, is in the public domain. The exit or reduction of the share
of both entities from the economy are necessary. The artificial exit of the IRGC
from the economy is harmful. However, if the share of these forces remains
stable in parallel with the increase in productivity, the economy of the country
will overcome the crisis.

A gradual exit of the Armed Forces from the economy is to the benefit of private
sector. But the exclusion of this organ from economy is an unnecessary radical
action.

The government shall put the basis on peace and predictability of economy, and
bring stability, just as it does to politics, to this area as well.

The government can endeavour to bring about economic stability by using the
existing legislation. Playing with the customs tariffs or a faster movement
towards a single-rate currency system or removing regulations related to
currency allocation to the applicants of official currency exchange rate are
actions the government had been expected to take by now. Having an official
currency exchange rate is problematic due to the fact that some groups find
access to the sources of official currency exchange rate while another group
cannot. Under these circumstances, the less is the distance between these two
groups, the better. Iran's economy is in need of competitiveness. The government
should encourage the state-owned banks to compete; otherwise any number of
private banks will not make any change.

At the moment, the privatization of Iran's economy is superficial, and in fact
it brings no advantage to private sector and market. The existence of economic
rent has caused investors to prefer establishing banks instead of investing in
economic projects.

Iran's economy is in weak competition. Besides the presence of the Armed Forces
in the economy, the government has domination over this area which has paralysed
the activity of the private sector. The shares of the government and the IRGC
have to be reduced equally, and in fact nothing will change if only the Armed
Forces exit the economic arena. The most important issue is creating competition
in the economy of the country. The induction of the government's monopoly over
the economy leads to the reduction of prices, and in practice privatization of
the economy will be in favour of poor groups in the society.

The government's exit from the economy is as important as stopping the
involvement of the IRGC in the economy, if not more. Because if the government
becomes responsible for the economy, it will act in its favour and income during
economic crises, but if the government oversees the economy then it will not
impose prices on the market in its favour.

Source: E'temad website, Tehran, in Persian 26 Oct 14

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

Green Economy: Does it include...

BYLINE: Jayne Richardson

LENGTH: 721 words


Green Economy: Does it include YOU?

The 2012 theme for World Environment Day is Green Economy: Does it include you?
Evidently, there are two parts to this theme and the first tackles the subject
of the Green Economy. This is where some people shut off their minds because
they find the concept of the Green Economy a little too complex to understand.

On the contrary, the Green Economy is really something that is applicable all
around you and it is easy to imagine how you fit in it. Visit the What is the
Green Economy? page to read a laymans narrative of this concept.

The UN Environment Programme defines the Green Economy as one that results in
improved human well-being and social equity, while significantly reducing
environmental risks and ecological scarcities. In its simplest expression, a
green economy can be thought of as one which is low carbon, resource efficient
and socially inclusive.

Practically speaking, a Green Economy is one whose growth in income and
employment is driven by public and private investments that reduce carbon
emissions and pollution, enhance energy and resource efficiency, and prevent the
loss of biodiversity and ecosystem services. These investments need to be
catalyzed and supported by targeted public expenditure, policy reforms and
regulation changes.

But what does all this mean for you? Well, this essentially what the second part
of the theme is all about. If the Green Economy is about social equity and
inclusiveness then technically it is all about you! The question therefore asks
you to find out more about the Green Economy and assess whether, in your
country, you are being included in it.

To learn more about the Green Economy bookmark the World Environment Day
website, or follow us on Twitter and Facebook, and we shall be unraveling the
concept of what the Green Economy really is and what it means to you ahead of
World Environment Day.

_____________________________________

What is the Green Economy?

The global financial crisis that began in 2007, and is still resonant today, is
considered by many economists as the worst financial crisis since the Great
Depression of the 1930s. One of the key lessons we can draw from this experience
is that running economies the way weve always done, doing business as usual, is
clearly not an option. The new Green Economy is therefore a proposal for an
alternative and far more sustainable way of doing business.

A green economy is described as one that results in improved human well-being
and social equity, while significantly reducing environmental risks and
ecological scarcities. In other words, we can think of a green economy as an
economic environment that achieves low carbon emissions, resource efficiency and
at the same time is socially inclusive.

The Green Economy Initiative

The UNEP-led Green Economy Initiative, launched in late 2008, provides a
comprehensive and practical working mechanism, through analysis and policy
support for investing in green sectors and in greening environmental unfriendly
sectors.

The Green Economy Initiative has three main activities, which are to produce a
Green Economy Report and related research materials, which will analyse the
macroeconomic, sustainability, and poverty reduction implications of green
investment in a range of sectors; to provide advisory services on ways to move
towards a green economy in specific countries; and to engage a wide range of
research, non- governmental organizations, business and UN partners in
implementing the Green Economy Initiative.

Green jobs

So why the fuss? Regardless of the environmental benefits and options for
sustainability, investment into a Green Economy is captured in several reports
as an agent for creating millions of new jobs, such UNEPs Green Jobs report. One
of the main engines for economic growth is a higher rate of employment, which
both reduces a burden on the economy and gives consumers the purchasing power to
sustain lives through supporting industries.

By 2008, over 2.3 million people in just six leading countries in green jobs
were employed in this low- carbon sector (China, Denmark, Germany, India Spain,
and the United States). The Green Economy is therefore not just a passing
environmental fad but is one of the best solutions available for sustainable
economic growth that recognizes the social component.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday
                                  Mich Edition

Capital and training needed to regrow local economy

BYLINE: WILLIAM P. HOJNACKI

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 957 words


Mark Tarner in his March 27 Viewpoint made some excellent points concerning the
need for more for-profit businesses in the city of South Bend. The devil is in
the detail.

First, in economic terms it is simply not possible to separate South Bend and
Mishawaka. Combined, they are the core of a single urban economic system.

In general, cities grew around businesses and industries that sold stuff to the
outside world. It was the exporting of goods and services that brought money
into a community and in the process created jobs and investments, and stimulated
the demand for services of all kinds.

Further, it was the export economy that allowed a retail economy to emerge. A
retail economy is characterized by people buying, selling and trading goods and
services. To the degree that a retail economy is locally owned and operated, the
money that is brought into the community by the export economy stays in the
community.

Both the export and retail economic functions of cities are supported by a third
economic function: the investment economy. This economy is composed of such
entities as banks, credit unions and other financial institutions that provide
both investment capital and lines of credit that are essential to the
establishment and operation of the other two economies.

Thus, urban economic systems are, in reality, composed of three distinct but
often interrelated economic sub-systems: the export economy, the retail economy
and the investment economy. The most important is the export economy.

By the 1950s, South Bend grew to be a city of more than 120,000 people because
its export economy was vibrant, the retail economy was largely self- contained
and there was a sufficient amount of capital in the investment economy to
support economic growth and development.

Our export economy began contracting when Studebaker shut its doors in 1963 and
has been shrinking slowly ever since. Indeed, most of the major industrial
players that drove our economy in the past have disappeared. At the same time
the other economies changed as well and not for the better. In the past most of
what we consumed was produced and sold by local firms. Now, national chains have
taken over a large portion of our retail economy. Money that used to circulate
and recirculate here is now sent off to other places. In a similar way we, at
one time, had a solid network of locally owned financial institutions. Now our
investment economy is dominated by regional and national mega-banks that are
more concerned with regional and national economic trends than with local needs.

But, it is not all bad news. Because our economic base has always been somewhat
more diversified than many other cities, we fared somewhat better than many. In
deference to Tarner's concern about having too many not-for-profits, it is the
not-for-profit sector that has helped to keep us afloat. All of our educational
institutions, for instance, are part of the export economy. The University Notre
Dame, in particular, brings millions of dollars into this community. Our local
health care providers, because of the way health care is paid for, also bring in
millions of outside dollars. There are others as well.

Hence, there is little danger, at least in the short term, that South Bend will
become a ghost town. Still, Tarner makes a very good point. If we are to grow
and prosper in the longer term we need more for-profit export businesses and
industries. Trying to recruit new business from outside of our region to locate
here is only a partial answer.

We should focus our attention on both helping existing business to grow and
diversify and in encouraging the establishment new startup companies. There is
no magic formula for assisting existing businesses. They are all different and
they all know, individually, what they want and need. The public and private
sector need to work together to come up with a way to identify and satisfy these
wants and needs.

Incubating new export enterprises is another matter. Most new businesses fail
within the first few years for two reasons. The first is that the individuals
who establish these enterprises lack sufficient business experience or knowledge
to make them successful. The second is that they lack sufficient financing to
see them through the growing pains that all new businesses face and to give them
time to establish themselves in the marketplace.

We should focus on these two facets of business development. First, the private
sector should establish a first-class Entrepreneur Academy, a rigorous program
that deals with all aspects of starting a new business and makes clear both the
risks and rewards of doing so.

Second, we need to find a way to make capital available to export-oriented
aspiring entrepreneurs who are worthy of it. I suggest creating a pool of
investment capital drawn from local financial institutions, successful existing
businesses and the larger local nonprofit institutions. State and/or local
governments should be asked to provide a reserve fund so that when failures do
occur, as some inevitably will, the losses to the investment fund contributors
will be minimized and equitably distributed.

In order to assist existing businesses and to create a pool of available capital
for aspiring entrepreneurs we will need an unprecedented level of cooperation
between the public, private and nonprofit sectors of our community. Perhaps it
is not possible, but I believe that some form of joint effort is necessary if we
are going to grow and prosper in the future.

William P. Hojnacki is a professor emeritus at Indiana University South Bend,
where he served as the campus dean of the School of Public and Environmental
Affairs from 1983 to 2002, and is a South Bend resident.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             March 25, 2008 Tuesday

In a class of its own;
The premium economy class on airlines is popular with travellers, with its ample
leg-room and fancy amenities at a lower price than business class

BYLINE: Deepika Shetty

SECTION: LIFE! - LIFE TRAVEL

LENGTH: 814  words


SINGAPORE Airlines (SIA) is phasing out premium economy class on its non-stop
flights to the United States but other airlines are getting into the business.

Premium economy, as the name implies, is better than coach but not as luxurious
as business or first class. Passengers get more leg-room, wider seats and better
amenities than those in cattle class.

Some airlines call this class of seat 'economy plus' or 'executive economy' but
they all mean the same thing. Premium economy seats cost about 30 to 40 per cent
more than economy class but are significantly cheaper than business class
tickets.

Australian airline Qantas, which introduced a premium economy class on its
flight from Sydney to Hong Kong earlier this month, will be phasing in premium
economy seats on flights from Singapore to Sydney, Melbourne, London and back.

Such seats will also be offered on flights from Sydney and Melbourne to Bangkok
and Johannesburg.

Thai Airways International has also introduced premium economy seating on its
Airbus A340-500 aircraft which flies to New York, Los Angeles, Stockholm and
Copenhagen. But passengers who want to fly from Singapore have to factor in a
Bangkok stopover.

Japan Airlines has introduced a premium economy service on its B777 aircraft
flying the Tokyo-London and Tokyo-Paris sectors.

Singapore has a high demand for premium economy seats, say travel agents.

Ms Jane Chang, 26, who handles marketing communications for Chan Brothers, says
many premium economy passengers are business travellers whose budgets, or
corporate travel policies, do not allow them to fly business class.

Other travel agents such as JP International and Dynasty Travel say they are
also seeing more leisure travellers, usually older people, asking for premium
economy seats.

Apart from more leg-room and wider seats, premium class passengers usually get
more inflight entertainment choices, electrical points for powering laptop
computers as well as a higher crew-to-passenger ratio.

Qantas' new premium economy cabin has 32 seats in a two-four-two configuration;
and a 19.5-inch-wide (49.5cm) seat compared to economy's 18.5-inch seat. There
is more space for reclining, in-arm touchscreen video monitors and a menu
inspired by top Australian chef Neil Perry.

Thai Airways' premium economy offers 19-inch-wide seats compared with economy's
17.4-inch seats and in-seat power points.

Long-haul travellers love the perks of flying premium economy. On a 14- to
16-hour flight, they say a few extra inches of leg-room make all the difference.

Mr Miguel Bernas, 39, chief marketing officer of Internet travel portal Bezurk,
has flown premium economy from Singapore to Los Angeles and New York on SIA.

He admits: 'There's nothing like getting extra room to stretch your legs. The
seats are wider, there are definitely more entertainment choices and the service
is better.'

Mr Adrian Ruzsicska, 42, a business development manager with Nokia, is a
frequent flyer who averages anything between 50 and 60 work-related flights a
year, many of which are long-distance.

Standing at 1.85m, he says that 'most economy class seats are a really tight
squeeze' for him. He adds: 'I really value the extra leg-room, the larger seat
size and the space that premium economy offers.'

He also catches up with work on the plane and appreciates the electrical power
points. 'I can tell you there's nothing more frustrating than the laptop battery
dying on you.'

With SIA discontinuing its executive economy class, travellers like them will
now have to consider premium economy travel on other airlines.

'It's a shame really,' says Mr Ruzsicska, who says SIA has always been his
preferred carrier. He will now look at other options such as British Airways and
Qantas.

Other travellers are happy to look at airlines such as Taiwan's EVA Air, which
was one of the earliest airlines to offer premium economy class. It introduced
its Evergreen Deluxe seats in 1992 and now calls it Elite Class.

EVA Air serves premium economy meals on porcelain, not plastic, plates. Mr
Roland Quah, 49, sales and marketing director of cargo services firm ECS Asia,
says: 'I've flown on EVA Air's Evergreen Deluxe from Taipei to Los Angeles.
While the food may be the same as economy, the presentation makes all the
difference.'

A premium economy seat costs him around $2,000 compared to $1,600 (without
taxes) for an economy flight.

On board United Airlines, premium economy passengers get Starbucks coffee and a
free flow of alcoholic beverages on Pacific routes.

Mr Quah, who flies to Taipei to catch the premium economy flight to Los Angeles,
says: 'Paying a little extra is worth it. My job demands extensive travel and
it's nice to get something that offers comfort without straining the wallet too
much.'

deepikas@sph.com.sg

Share your premium economy experience with us. Would you like to see it on more
sectors? E-mail your view to stlife@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                       December 16, 2016 Friday 00:00 EST

The Whatchamacallit Economy;
Op-Ed Contributor

BYLINE: STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 837 words



HIGHLIGHT: The sharing economy isn't really about sharing. So what do we call
it?


It's a hip, fast-growing sector of the economy, filled with headline-grabbing
companies: Uber, Lyft, Airbnb, Task Rabbit. But there's a gnawing problem:
People aren't sure what to call it. Many critics dislike the term most commonly
used, the "sharing economy," because there often isn't much actual sharing going
on. Others prefer to call it the on-demand economy, peer-to-peer economy,
crowd-based economy, gig economy or collaborative economy.

Uber, Lyft and other e-hailing companies love to say they are "ride-sharing
companies," signaling that they are collaborative and not crassly capitalistic.
These companies maintain that their drivers share their cars with passengers and
use apps to share information about where they are. But many academics and
workers in this sector assert that the business model seems less like sharing
than like traditional corporate profit-making that happens to use an app.

Rochelle LaPlante, who works for Mechanical Turk, an internet platform for
people to post and find piecework jobs, sees public relations spin behind the
term "sharing economy." "There's an exchange of money," she said. "It's not
really sharing if a person's paying for it."

Her point: If you're living in San Francisco and you want to drive to Palo Alto
and take a friend with you (perhaps splitting the cost of gas), that's ride
sharing. But if you take an Uber to get to Palo Alto, that seems more like a
taxi ride.

Arun Sundararajan, author of the new book "The Sharing Economy: The End of
Employment and the Rise of Crowd-Based Capitalism," said he chose that term for
his title because so many people use it. Yet Mr. Sundararajan, a professor at
New York University's Stern School of Business, actually prefers "crowd-based
capitalism," because a crowd of consumers obtains services by connecting, via a
platform, with a crowd of suppliers.

In the early 2000s, the sharing economy generally referred to people with
underused assets - whether automobiles, homes or vacuum cleaners - who let
others "share" them, usually for a fee. Such sharing was viewed not as a
business but as a way to promote sustainability.

"The 'sharing economy' phrase has stuck," Professor Sundararajan said, partly
because it suggests a personal touch - say, an Airbnb host putting visitors up
in a spare bedroom. "There's a connection that people seem to enjoy." (Even
though some say that the Airbnb hosts who own a dozen apartments are not really
sharing.)

Rachel Botsman, a co-author of "What's Mine Is Yours: The Rise of Collaborative
Consumption," says that Uber and the like are not sharing companies. "The
Uberfication of everything brings with it confusion about what is true sharing,"
she wrote on Fast Company's website. To her mind, companies shouldn't be
considered part of the sharing economy unless they have a "clear value-driven
mission" and their workers are "respected" and "empowered."

Ms. Botsman added that some companies can legitimately be called sharing
companies, like Turo (previously called RelayRides), which enables car owners to
rent out their unused cars, and BlaBlaCar, which connects riders with car owners
planning to drive from one city to another.

With the term "sharing economy" under scrutiny, experts are casting about for
substitutes. Miriam A. Cherry, a St. Louis University law professor, recommends
the "on-demand economy," but critics say that isn't exact enough, because
ordering a pizza by phone can be considered part of an on-demand economy. Others
prefer "gig economy," but some assert that phrase isn't suitable for
21st-century app-based companies because gig workers - think jazz musicians -
have been around for decades.

Shelby Clark, founder of RelayRides and chief executive of Peers, which advises
on-demand companies, prefers "peer-to-peer economy" because individual consumers
use a platform to connect with "peer" service providers. But as Professor
Sundararajan noted, illegal music and video sharing were once described as
peer-to-peer, giving that term a bad connotation.

Some embrace "platform economy," but Geoffrey G. Parker, an engineering
professor at Dartmouth and the author of "Platform Revolution," says that name
is too broad because it includes giants like Google, Facebook and YouTube.
Others like the "app-based on-demand economy" (the Abode economy), the "gig
on-demand economy" (the GOD economy) or the "platform on-demand economy" (the
POD economy), whose workers could be called pods.

Despite the criticism that "sharing economy" is inaccurate and sounds like
corporate spin, Professor Sundararajan says we might be stuck with that
description because corporations and the public so often use it. When Silicon
Valley and Madison Avenue latch on to a phrase, it's not easy to shake it off.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.

Steven Greenhouse, a former labor and workplace reporter for The New York Times,
is the author of "The Big Squeeze: Tough Times for the American Worker."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        June 29, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets: Analyzing Hydrogen Economy: 2015 Edition

LENGTH: 520  words


June 29 -- Research and Markets
(http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwb6zz/analyzing_the) has announced
the addition of the "Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy" report to their offering.

A hydrogen economy is a hypothetical economy in which energy is stored and
transported as hydrogen (H2). Various hydrogen economy scenarios can be
envisaged using hydrogen in a number of ways. Proponents of a hydrogen economy
suggest that hydrogen is an environmentally cleaner source of energy to
end-users, particularly in transportation applications, without release of
pollutants (such as greenhouse gasses) at the point of end use; and that these
advantages may hold similarly with use of hydrogen produced with energy from
fossil fuels, if carbon capture or carbon sequestration methods are utilized at
the site of energy or hydrogen production.

Meanwhile, critics of a hydrogen economy argue that for many planned
applications of hydrogen, direct use of energy in the form of electricity,
chemical batteries and fuel cells, and production of liquid synthetic fuels from
carbon dioxide, might accomplish many of the same net goals of a hydrogen
economy, while requiring only a small fraction of the investment in new
infrastructure.

The latest offering from This research brings you a complete analysis of the
Hydrogen Economy. Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy report contains a focused
socio-economic, political, and environmental analysis of the factors affecting
the hydrogen economy. The report contains an analysis of the technologies
involved in hydrogen production, hydrogen storage, hydrogen conversion, and much
more.

The report also carries in-depth case studies on the various countries which are
actively involved in the hydrogen economy. An analysis of the technical
barriers, other issues, cost effectiveness affecting the hydrogen economy, and
the procedure involved in the actually implementation of the hydrogen economy
are all discussed in great details inside this report. Determining the future of
the hydrogen economy and the energy industry becomes a lot easier with this
report.

Key Topics Covered:

A. Executive Summary

B. Introduction to Hydrogen and the Hydrogen Economy

C. A Global Hydrogen Energy System

D. Current Hydrogen Industry

E. Broad Issues with the Hydrogen Economy

F. Technical Issues and Cost Barriers to the Hydrogen Economy

G. Environmental Implications of Hydrogen

H. Environmental Impacts of Hydrogen Production Methods

I. Environmental Impact of the Hydrogen Economy

J. Role of Fuel Cells in the Hydrogen Economy

K. Developing the Hydrogen Economy

L. Key Policy Questions in the Future of Hydrogen

M. Socio-Economic Features of the Hydrogen Economy

N. Hydrogen for Developing Countries

O. Hydrogen from Hydrocarbons and Carbon Sequestration

P. The Potential of Renewable Hydrogen and Required Production Strategies

Q. Role of Ammonia in Hydrogen Economy

R. An Alternative to Hydrogen Fuel - Synthetic Methanol

S. Outlook for the Hydrogen Economy

T. Case Studies

U. Appendix

V. Glossary of Terms

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwb6zz/analyzing_the

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        June 29, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets: Analyzing Hydrogen Economy: 2015 Edition

LENGTH: 520  words


June 29 -- Research and Markets
(http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwb6zz/analyzing_the) has announced
the addition of the "Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy" report to their offering.

A hydrogen economy is a hypothetical economy in which energy is stored and
transported as hydrogen (H2). Various hydrogen economy scenarios can be
envisaged using hydrogen in a number of ways. Proponents of a hydrogen economy
suggest that hydrogen is an environmentally cleaner source of energy to
end-users, particularly in transportation applications, without release of
pollutants (such as greenhouse gasses) at the point of end use; and that these
advantages may hold similarly with use of hydrogen produced with energy from
fossil fuels, if carbon capture or carbon sequestration methods are utilized at
the site of energy or hydrogen production.

Meanwhile, critics of a hydrogen economy argue that for many planned
applications of hydrogen, direct use of energy in the form of electricity,
chemical batteries and fuel cells, and production of liquid synthetic fuels from
carbon dioxide, might accomplish many of the same net goals of a hydrogen
economy, while requiring only a small fraction of the investment in new
infrastructure.

The latest offering from This research brings you a complete analysis of the
Hydrogen Economy. Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy report contains a focused
socio-economic, political, and environmental analysis of the factors affecting
the hydrogen economy. The report contains an analysis of the technologies
involved in hydrogen production, hydrogen storage, hydrogen conversion, and much
more.

The report also carries in-depth case studies on the various countries which are
actively involved in the hydrogen economy. An analysis of the technical
barriers, other issues, cost effectiveness affecting the hydrogen economy, and
the procedure involved in the actually implementation of the hydrogen economy
are all discussed in great details inside this report. Determining the future of
the hydrogen economy and the energy industry becomes a lot easier with this
report.

Key Topics Covered:

A. Executive Summary

B. Introduction to Hydrogen and the Hydrogen Economy

C. A Global Hydrogen Energy System

D. Current Hydrogen Industry

E. Broad Issues with the Hydrogen Economy

F. Technical Issues and Cost Barriers to the Hydrogen Economy

G. Environmental Implications of Hydrogen

H. Environmental Impacts of Hydrogen Production Methods

I. Environmental Impact of the Hydrogen Economy

J. Role of Fuel Cells in the Hydrogen Economy

K. Developing the Hydrogen Economy

L. Key Policy Questions in the Future of Hydrogen

M. Socio-Economic Features of the Hydrogen Economy

N. Hydrogen for Developing Countries

O. Hydrogen from Hydrocarbons and Carbon Sequestration

P. The Potential of Renewable Hydrogen and Required Production Strategies

Q. Role of Ammonia in Hydrogen Economy

R. An Alternative to Hydrogen Fuel - Synthetic Methanol

S. Outlook for the Hydrogen Economy

T. Case Studies

U. Appendix

V. Glossary of Terms

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwb6zz/analyzing_the

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday

University system

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, April 20 -- In countries like UK and USA students as well as
academics conduct research looking at the contribution they can make towards the
national development. South Korea and China, who invested heavily in R&D,
channelled through universities. In respect of urban and rural development,
universities engage in extension services, university-government linkage and
university-industry linkage.

As illustrated by the African Institute for Science and Technology (AIST), these
linkages seek to develop a 'push-pull relationship' between the university and
industry or government.

But in Sri Lanka the fact is that research been conducted only to get the higher
grade etc. Finally, all the books will be on the library shelf or at home. This
is an utter waste and underutilization of resources.

Research should be developmental oriented. There should be better combination of
ministries like economic as well as higher education in this regard. It can be
proposed a better course specially in the disciplines of arts in the university
system. Some people questioned the 'Job Market' for the arts graduates. But
better designing in curriculum by incorporating the areas like creative economy
will be the future. See below example for the syllabus in masters degree in
economics at one university.

Master Degrees in Economics

* Advertising and the Creative Economy

* Applied Economics

* Art and the Creative Economy

* Business and Economic Forecasting

* Business Economics

* Communication Design and the Creative Economy

* Contemporary Art Practices and the Creative Economy

* Creative Economy

* Creative Writing and the Creative Economy

* Development Economics

* Digital Media and the Creative Economy

* Economics

* Fashion and the Creative Economy

* Film and Television Design and the Creative Economy

* Film and Television Motion Graphics and the Creative Economy

* Film making and the Creative Economy

* Financial Economics

* International Economics

* International Politics and Economics

* Journalism and the Creative Economy

* Landscape Urbanism and the Creative Economy

* Managing in the Creative Economy

* Museums and Galleries and the Creative Economy

* Music and the Creative Economy

* Product Design and the Creative Economy

* Publishing and the Creative Economy

* Spatial Design and the Creative Economy

There should be better partnership with the university and industry including
government to produce more programmes, implementing programmes as well as
introducing new models to Sri Lanka for the sustainable development of the
country. Easily we can understand how far we have to travel and the gap of the
existing system. Sri Lankans are capable people.

Once we revisit our traditions of Anuradhapura, Polonnaruwa we can understand
our talents. The way we win the war is also about the capability and the skills
with talent. This is the era where there is huge demand in global for
'creativity' and 'talent'.

Hence there is a need to understand 'creative economy' and, incorporated that
into Sri Lankan context and try to harvest. I think this is one way we can win
the 'economy war'.

The writer is a senior lecturer and Chartered Marketer Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday

Afghan paper slams consumer economy, inattention to infrastructure

LENGTH: 851 words


Text of article by Qasem Qamus in Dari entitled "Imports of poverty" by Afghan
newspaper Daily Afghanistan on 20 June

We see no achievement when we take a look at the role of the private sector in
boosting local productions over the past five years. While at the outset,
advocates of private sector economy were saying that this system will rescue
Afghanistan's economy and local industry. After five years since the free market
economy was imposed on Afghanistan, we now see that all the consumer market in
Afghanistan is controlled by those importing foreign goods.

It seems that the free market economy which was part of the Bonn Conference has
not been proved positive. Changing state-run economy to a free market economy
was a mistake made by the Interim Administration. Such an economy, which was
imposed by the international community and local supporters, has paralyzed
Afghanistan's ailing economy.

Without assessing the situation, condition and possibilities of Afghanistan, the
supporters of the free market economy were insisting and reasoning that such an
economy was successful in the world. It can't be a reason that an economic plan
succeed in the world would also work in Afghanistan.

Afghanistan has practically entered the free market economy over the past five
years and its markets are full of low quality and sub-standard foreign products.
Three countries had more competitions to monopolize the consuming market of
Afghanistan over the past five years. China, Pakistan and Iran, were the
countries that had the most exports to Afghanistan. It was our need to a large
extent. However, why no change has taken place in the condition of Afghanistan's
economy despite huge foreign aids over the past five years? What has been the
achievement of the private sector in t his respect?

If we were complete consumers of foreign products, then there was no need to
give all government enterprises to private sector. When we had government-run
economy, our economy was much better than now.

The achievement of private sector economy and privatization of government
enterprises was an end to our paltry local productions. Afghanistan accepted the
free market economy at a time when there was no possibility to achieve that.

Enabling Environment was the title of the conference held on 4 Jun 07 in Kabul.
The purpose of the conference was the effective and appropriate participation of
private sector in the economic development and reconstruction of Afghanistan.

What will be the achievement of this conference is an issue which will be
responded in the coming years. However, what are the achievements of economic
conferences held inside and outside Afghanistan for the economic growth of this
country?

Growths of local production and poverty alleviation, which are the two important
principles in economy, have not taken place over the past five years. The
Afghans still take refuge as an alternative and have no choice but to tolerate
all the problems and threats.

The opponents of the free market economy have termed this kind of economy a
death to the economy of a country like Afghanistan. They rather stress that
strengthening government economy will rescue Afghanistan's poor economy and can
increase local productions. Also, the goods that are similar to the ones
produced in Afghanistan should no longer be imported.

Undoubtedly, the countries that currently control the markets of the country
have gained most benefits from the policy of free market economy adopted in
Afghanistan. Had the government-run economy exist in Afghanistan, no commitment
would have existed to open the doors for the imports of foreign products to the
country.

It seems that there is no plan by the economists to improve and expand
Afghanistan's economy. No investment has been made to strengthen local
production while all the doors are open for the imports of all kinds of foreign
products.

The president, in different economic occasions, has repeatedly expressed proud
and called the imports of goods worth billions of dollars signs of economic
growth in the country while it is destruction of Afghanistan's economy.

The government and private sector have in fact imported poverty to the country
over the past five years instead of foreign goods.

People who believed on economic self-reliance a little have completely become
disappointed about the economic growth and local production after the
introduction of the free market economy and imports of huge foreign goods.

The main question which is referred to founders of the free market economy is
that what plans do they have to rescue Afghanistan from the current situation?
People have always witnessed holding of economic conferences over the past five
years but not observed any achievement in practical.

Fighting poverty and growth of local productions are the needs of the Afghans
who are after finding work and rescuing the country from the current bad
economic condition. Those who introduced the free market economy and implement
it should simultaneously take into consideration the above two issues.

Source: Daily Afghanistan, Kabul, in Dari and Pashto 20 Jun 07

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 3, 2005 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Premium economy cuts long-haul lag;
FLYING HIGH

BYLINE: Debra Cleveland

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 546 words


Fancy more legroom without paying business-class prices? Try flying premium
economy - a sort of halfway house between economy and business class.

There's usually more distance between you and the seat in front, sometimes a
wider choice in meals and freebies such as bubbly on board and toiletry kits.
And often you're paying more than half the price of business class.

Not many airlines offer this class yet. British Airways and Virgin Atlantic do.
United Airlines does but only if you're a member of its loyalty program.

Air New Zealand offers premium economy tickets on its Auckland to San Francisco
route, which flies three times a week. From November 1 it will be extending the
service to Los Angeles and London.

Travel agents say premium economy seats are becoming increasingly popular.
"People are prepared to pay a little more for comfort, business-class baggage
allowances and check in and bigger seats," says Flight Centre. "The food and
service is economy class but you're seated in a separate, curtained-off area."

Virgin Atlantic's premium economy offer from Sydney to London return is one of
the best deals for leg room, says Helen Demetriou, general manager of online
travel group travel.com.

"The seat pitch [the distance between seats] is 38 inches [96.5cm] as opposed to
31 inches in economy," she says.

"And on Virgin, because the seat configuration means all seats face the centre
on an angle, there is more leg room."

Tickets cost $3900 return (valid until December 20), compared with about $1600
for economy. Taxes are extra. Virgin is offering double miles for premium
economy flights until December 31, enough for a free return trip to Hong Kong.

Perks include dedicated check in, complementary champagne, a toiletries kit,
newspapers and eight channels of seatback entertainment. The seats are popular,
says Demetriou, especially on flights between Hong Kong and London.

On British Airways, where the tickets are called World Traveler Plus, the seat
pitch is also 96.5cm (78cm in economy). There is a separate cabin with a maximum
of five rows. Meals are economy class. Until December, a return premium economy
flight Sydney-London costs $3500 (compared with about $1500 in economy).

Air New Zealand offers Pacific Premium Economy seats and the service is
available on its upgraded 747 and new 777 aircraft flying between Auckland and
San Francisco. On the 747, it's located on the upper deck behind business class.
The seat pitch is just under 101cm, compared with 86cm in economy.

The seat width is 47cm (45cm in economy) and the recline is 23cm (15cm in
economy). Meals are economy class but you have access to business-class
beverages and snack bars. On the 777, there is no upper deck and these seats are
located in a curtained-off area behind business class.

The only difference in the 777 seats, says Air New Zealand, is the width, which
is the same as economy class. Also, all Pacific Premium Economy seats have
in-seat power unlike economy so you can plug in your laptop.

For return Sydney-San Francisco flights, Pacific Premium Economy tickets cost
$2599 compared with $11,493 in business premium and $1899 in economy. These do
not include taxes, which are about $390 to the United States. Air New Zealand
does occasionally lower fares in promotional specials.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO-ILLUSTRATION: Kate Oliver

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             March 27, 2000, Monday

Transition to U.S.-style 'New Economy' calls for thorough restructuring of
Korean system

BYLINE: By Yun Seong-hun

LENGTH: 1072 words



The U.S. economy is currently enjoying marvelous prosperity accompanied by low
inflation, a low unemployment rate, and long-term economic boom. This is called
the 'New Economy' in which the information technology (IT) industry leads
economic growth and the two contradictory factors of low inflation and low
unemployment coexist.

Up until now, this phenomenon has been confined only to the U.S. Chairman of the
U.S. Federal Reserve Board Alan Greenspan described the U.S. economy as "an
oasis of prosperity." Most people seem to think that the New Economy is a result
of the development of the IT industry. Yet it is also the product of long-term
endeavors from Reaganomics in the 1980's to Clintonomics in the 1990's.

An article published in Business Week on Jan. 31, 2000, explains, "This
spectacular boom was not built on smoke and mirrors. Rather, it reflects a
willingness to undertake massive risky investments in innovative information
technology, combined with a decade of retooling U.S. financial markets,
governments, and corporations to cut costs and increase flexibility and
efficiency. The result is the so-called New Economy: faster growth and lower
inflation."

A more efficient, stronger economic underpinning for the growth of the IT
industry was formed in the 1980s, resulting from the Reagan administration
having implemented sweeping deregulations and tax cuts and also an enhancement
in the flexibility of the labor market. This facilitated corporate restructuring
and promoted liberalization.

Later, the Clinton administration concentrated on the construction of an IT
infrastructure, represented by the promotion of the Information Superhighway.
Simultaneously, it implemented diverse policies to stimulate companies' IT
investment. The result was the U.S. securing a competitive advantage throughout
the whole industrial sector from the traditional manufacturing industry to the
high-tech IT industry. Global expansion European and Asian countries have
recently been busy learning from the U.S. economy. Signs of the New Economy such
as simultaneous high economic growth and low inflation have begun to appear
globally.

Yet it is too early to interpret them as signs that herald the advent of the New
Economy. It is more appropriate to interpret them as signs of economic recovery
from long-term recession.

Since the New Economy is not simply the product of developing the IT industry,
most countries have not yet made a smooth move toward the New Economy.

Although restructuring of corporate and financial sectors proceeded to a certain
degree prior to the launch of the EU, the reform of the labor market in Europe
remains incomplete. Most European countries are suffering from serious budget
deficits.

Signs of the New Economy now seem to be partially appearing after European
countries began their efforts to build an underpinning for the New Economy in
the mid-1990s.

Finland attained a high growth rate of 9 percent, aided by the brisk performance
of IT-related companies such as Nokia. Yet a prevalent opinion still exists
among economists to interpret the upturn of European markets as a part of the
business cycle, not as a sign of the New Economy.

Even Japan, who was skeptical about the New Economy of the U.S. due to a
traditional emphasis on the manufacturing industry and also the closed nature of
its culture, has begun taking lessons from the U.S. Its changed attitude was
based on the recognition that the delay in adopting the New Economy caused its
long-term recession, despite desperate attempts to boost the economy. Japan is
promoting the construction of an IT infrastructure and investment in the IT
industry without first completing economic restructuring.

It is doubtful whether Japan will be able to yield as many accomplishments as
the U.S., since Japan's labor market remains inflexible and the budget deficit
is quickly increasing. For example, an increase of IT investment without
restructuring is likely to bring about a bubble in Japan's stock market and also
the collapse of the traditional manufacturing industry.

Nevertheless, global expansion of the New Economy in the U.S. seems to be an
irreversible trend. With this, the international economy will be able to record
a high growth rate owing to enlarged investments in information technology,
increase of productivity, and the swift growth of the Internet and e-commerce.

The degree of completion of economic restructuring will determine the success or
failure of the New Economy in each country. Countries with a well-restructured
economic system will likely see their economy transformed into the New Economy
and will not easily be swayed by external shocks. In line with the expansion of
the New Economy, shareholder capitalism and private sector-centered
neo-liberalism will dominate the global economy.

Implications for KoreaKorea is aggressively trying to catch up with the trend of
transition to the New Economy, with the understanding it can affect her economic
future. However, Korea seems to lack proper understanding of the New Economy,
similar to Japan.

The Korean economy remains inefficient because it has not completed corporate
and financial sector restructuring, and also governmental deregulation has not
yet been sufficiently implemented.

Investment in the IT industry is being made without enough consideration of
efficiency and effectiveness, which rapidly makes the Kosdaq, where many IT
venture companies' stocks are traded, a speculative market.

Therefore, the most urgent task for the Korean economy is to complete the
restructuring process and establish a more efficient system.

The government needs to minimize direct economic intervention and concentrate on
establishing an environment ripe for a market economy. The leaders of the New
Economy are the individuals and creative enterprises, not the government.
Furthermore, the government must take care not to isolate the traditional
manufacturing industry while enlarging investment in the IT industry.

For a successful transition to the New Economy, manufacturing and IT industries
must grow together, promoting a complementary relationship.

The Korean economy should not give up manufacturing, which has pulled large
amounts of foreign currency into the Korean economy, in order to secure funding
sources for IT investment.

The writer is a senior researcher of Samsung Economic Research Institute. - Ed.


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 The Korea Herald


                              49 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               September 27, 2015

How Economic Recession May Affect You - Ekpo [interview]

BYLINE: Udeme Clement

LENGTH: 1741 words

Akpan Ekpo

, a professor of economics, is Director General, West African Institute for
Financial and Economic Management (WAIFEM). He speaks on the warning by the CBN
Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele, that Nigeria's economy may go into a recession in
2016.

The CBN Governor hinted, last week, that Nigeria's economy may go into recession
in 2016. What is your take on this?

The economy is not yet in a recession but in slow down. The economy is under
severe stress now. But if there is no growth in two consecutive quarters, it
means the economy can enter into a recessionary phase. The CBN is saying that
with the slow down in growth, coupled with the declining oil revenue, if the
economy is not diversified, then a recession can set in by 2016. For now, the
economy needs robust fiscal policy to support the monetary and exchange rate
policies of the CBN.

What is the difference between an economy going into recession or depression?

A depression is a prolonged recession and no two of them are alike. A depression
is a prolonged recession period, meaning an economy will experience no growth in
output, there will be decline in productivity, no investment, high inflation
rate, high unemployment ratio, increased poverty and general misery among the
bulk of the population.

What are the signs if an economy is going into recession?


Though our economy is not in recession now, the misery index has been rising. To
me, progress in all sectors has been very marginal, unemployment is at the level
of national crisis, the real sector is in comatose. In fact, in my opinion, the
real sector is "dead". Looking at the social sector, our healthcare system is in
disarray. Many Nigerians now go to India, Dubai, America and other countries for
treatment. The public school system at all levels is not qualitative enough and
mushroom private schools are springing up everywhere. At 55years of
independence, the economy is still at a cross road, because we have not made
significant progress.

In 1960, the leaders promised to give Nigerians better education, healthcare,
potable water, housing and other basic needs of life, and those things were
available then, but they promised to do better. Few years after, everything
collapsed. 55years after, government is still saying it will provide constant
electricity and those basic needs. So, the basic things of life have eluded
almost 85percent of Nigerians. Actually, what I call human capital indicators,
another social indices, have eluded us despite the growth in Gross Domestic
Product (GDP).

Infact, in certain areas, the economy is deteriorating; for example, the quality
of education like I said, has declined such that, many parents now send their
wards to study in Ghana. In the 60s/70s, University College Hospital, Ibadan was
rated among top 20 in the world, but today Nigeria is experiencing medical
tourism.

Can you tell us precisely if our economy has experienced recession before?

Yes, every market economy goes through a business cycle. A dependent capitalist
economy like Nigeria, cannot escape recession or depression, because it is a
recurring decimal in economies. If nothing else, Nigeria's economy would
experience recession as a client based on dependent and periphery nature of its
system.

The economy experienced recession in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. The global
economic crisis of 2007/2008 affected Nigeria. If any known market economy would
have escaped recession, it would be US economy, but, despite prudent management
of the US economy, it experienced periodic recessions and the last global
economic recession was triggered by the collapse of the sub-mortgage sector.

Can you give us statistical overview of growth rate in major sectors of the
economy in the last 55 years?

After independence, from 1962 to 1968, the economy grew positively by almost 8
percent; from 1970 to about 1977, the same growth rate was recorded. After that
came a slight decline up to 1984, of about 3.2 percent. From 1984 to 1985, there
was no growth, or there was negative growth, as the economy experienced a lot of
problems. All attempts to stabilise the economy were unsuccessful. In 1986, we
adopted Structural Adjustment Programme (SAP) with a view to enhancing growth,
to reverse negative growth and to put the economy on path of sustainable growth
with minimal inflation. But SAP made the situation worse.

How?

Everything was deregulated at the same time. For instance, the financial market
that was not well developed was deregulated. Everything was based on Marginal
Cost Pricing for the market forces of demand and supply to determine everything,
but the market was not even there. All that period of growth and non-growth,
there was still no development, as a lot of people were not enjoying high
standard of living.

When we abandoned SAP in 1992/1993, we tried Guided Deregulation of the economy
from 1993 to 1998. The economy was doing well then because all the macroeconomic
fundamentals moved in the right direction. We had positive growth, exchange rate
was stable, about N80 - N82; foreign reserve could finance imports for more than
six months; inflation was moderate; unemployment was not at alarming rate like
now, yet most Nigerians still lacked basic amenities.

C

an you give us the statistical analysis of the growth rate under civilian
administrations from 1999?

Civilian rule (democracy) came in 1999 and government intensified efforts to
build a market economy from 1999 to 2007. The economy had positive growth rate
of about 4.5 percent, which was higher than the population growth rate. There
were attempts to better manage the economy; for example, the Fiscal
Responsibility Act and Public Procurement Act were passed, among other
legislations in a bid to put in place roles rather than discretion. For
instance, we had the Medium Term Expenditure Framework, which was an attempt to
ensure sanity in the fiscal side, to curb fiscal rascality (excessive spending).


Was there an inflationary situation in the economy during that period?

Inflation was double digits but within acceptable threshold and the economy was
stable, as the macroeconomic fundamentals moved in the right direction.

Macro stability in whose interest? Was such stability in the interest of the
elites, the middle class or the poor in the society?

Well, there was stability in the economy, yet Nigerians lacked the basic
amenities of life. Only 20 percent of Nigerians enjoyed the country's resources,
because poverty incidence continued to rise. However, for the first time in many
years, there was evidence to plan the economy by giving a strategic push as
enunciated by the National Economic Empowerment Development Strategy (NEEDS)
document. So, there were attempts to implement what NEEDS called for. For
instance, we had banking consolidation, but through out that period,
infrastructure remained a big problem, epileptic power supply. The economy was
still generator-driven, even up till now.

So, the 5.5 percent growth, which continues till 2015, makes one to wonder what
drives the growth, with over 24 percent unemployment. There was growth but no
development. It was a jobless growth, as all major social indices were negative.
Nigeria continues to be a mono-culture economy, depending heavily on crude oil
export, which is unhealthy for the system. We depend on an exiguous source of
revenue to finance development.

We have no control over the price and the output of oil. How can you plan an
economy on the source of revenue you have no control over? So, the structure of
the economy becomes not only export dependent but on a resource that is
non-renewable. For progress to be made, we must change the structure of the
economy and move away from oil to agriculture, chemicals, pharmaceutical
industry, develop our iron/steel industry and revamp the machine tools industry.


What practical approach do you advise the new government to adopt in order to
revamp the whole system?

We have to be honest. President Muhammadu Buhari cannot change what has been
going wrong in the economy for over 55 years in just four years, because it will
take a magician to do that. Buhari can have a good start by changing the
structure of the economy to a path of sustainable growth.

First, he must be honest with Nigerians to agree that things are bad. Second, he
should have an economic blue print that supports a developmental-state approach
to changing the structure of the economy. Whatever he is doing, he must focus on
creation of jobs, qualitative human capital, provision of infrastructure like
constant power supply, to ensure that at least 85 percent Nigerians enjoy the
resources.

In doing that, he needs resources. So, he must ensure that the refineries are
working to conserve foreign reserve, which can be used to finance some projects.
He has to show practically that the economy is no longer dependent on oil. He
should demystify the oil sector by encouraging modern agriculture, housing
/construction, Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs); entrepreneurs should have
access to credit for expansion. Ideas and innovation must be converted into
goods and services.

He should ensure aggressive monetary policy, by forcing down the lending rate,
build strong institutions for processes to work. For instance, only a
developmental-state philosophy can fight against the global system of finance
capital, which relies heavily on speculation. We cannot fight it with the
neo-liberal economic framework that we have in place now, because it will make
our economy unstable.

At 55 years of independence, are we operating the federal structure the way we
ought to?

It is imperative for us to ask ourselves this question, because we need
competitive federalism, where states can compete among themselves and also
collaborate. The states must be given economic independence.

Creation of states should not arise, because the more states are created, the
more problems. Many states are not economically viable but were created to
reduce ethnic tension. States must be able to generate their own revenue without
depending on federal allocation. Now the IGR for states is less than 14 percent.
Only two states like Lagos and Kano can survive without allocation from the
federal. They can survive for a short time, not for too long.

Also, women empowerment through education of the girl-child should be part of
Buhari's administration. If you develop a woman, you develop a nation, and
violence against women must be given serious attention.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             Dar Al Hayat (Lebanon)

                            December 17, 2007 Monday
                             International Edition

Inequality and Environment Challenge the World Economy

BYLINE: Michel Morkos

LENGTH: 1150 words


The world economy is undergoing the drawbacks of being connected to the US
economy. It has been complying therewith since the end of World War II and has
shouldered the burden of its crises for over 60 years. Currently, as developing
countries are achieving a massive and solid growth, it seems that the world
economy is able to relinquish the adherence to the strongest economy worldwide.
So, can it survive away from the repercussions of the US economical crises?


Five years ago, the world economy showed that it was growing at an "arrogant"
pace, despite the ongoing rise of fuel prices, the instability in many regions,
and the slowdown of the US economy. In 2006, the growth reached 6%, and achieved
a rate of 5% in the first half of 2007, thereby decreasing by 0.25 from the
expected rate. A 0.5 decrease is expected for 2008, thereby reaching 4.75%. The
developing and underdeveloped countries have witnessed an unprecedented growth
of 6% in Central and Eastern Europe and 6.2% in Africa in 2007. But for the
first time, the US economy stepped into a regression phase in 2006 and the
interest rate started increasing since 2004, thereby inflicting on highly
indebted families huge burdens. This led to a significant real estate crisis,
which contributed to a waning investment in real estate and a drop in the prices
of properties. Despite all this, the activity of the US economy generally
remained in check (the growth rate reached 3.3% in 2006 and nearly 3% in 2007)
and the family consumption remained dynamic. Concerned parties and experts
wagered on the fact that the epidemic will not reach other economies or that the
crisis will have a limited impact on the overall economy according to the report
of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in April. In fact, other countries of
the world have started to replace the US economy as the engine of the world
economy. This is Asia's case with the increasing economic power of China and
with the economic recovery. It is also the case in the European Union, which,
thanks to the German economy and the dynamism of its members in Central and
Western Europe, has witnessed one of the most substantial growth rates. These
started in 2001 and surpassed the US economy in 2007. In 2006, the contribution
of the US economy to boosting the world economy was 21%, while China contributed
12.5% and the European Union 22%. For the first time, the growth of the world
economy is allowed to be separated from the US economy. This is considered a
good step because it shows that the world is less liable to comply with the US
demand and debt. It wasn't logical, or fair, that most countries, especially
underdeveloped countries, should totally yield to the economic fate of the
richest economy worldwide and the most spendthrift on the planet. This
separation of the US and world economies will pave the way for the countries of
the world to witness a better distribution of the growth returns. The world
economy didn't witness in the past revenues of the current caliber and the
growth is now distributed over more countries and different regions. But this
distribution that branches out on larger geographic areas and is certified by a
share of the countries of the world is more proportionate than the Gross
National Product and trade transactions. Moreover, the separation between the US
and world economies remains proportionate too because the growth of the US
economy, despite its slowdown, has achieved rates that exceeded the anticipated
level. But the tangible results of this slowdown remain uncertain. The reason is
that the world growth, which is unprecedented in its expansion and globalization
in the history of modern capitalization, brings forth a number of challenges
that define the future and stability, fronted by the challenges of instability
and environment. The boom has driven the international bodies within the UN, as
well as political references and NGO's in the world to show an interest in
distributing resources for the benefit of the largest share of the population.
The inequality in the allocation of the GNP or income quorums keeps on
escalating but it remains proportionate in view of the fact that the boom has
grown to span many areas of the world. As such, the Chinese farmer, for
instance, benefits from the growth of his country, from the transfer of funds
from cities to villages, and from the improvement of his standard of living.
According to the report of the World Bank in October 2005, the number of those
extremely poor has waned. But in its report of October 2007, it laid the blame
on the technological achievements as "being one of the highest contributing
factors to the mounting inequality and to the increasing financial
globalization." Therefore, indicators point out that inequality is becoming more
intense in every area of the world. In underdeveloped or developing countries,
it is clearly observed that high-earning classes always enjoy large resources at
a time when the purchasing power of the poor continues to dwindle.
The same situation also characterizes the old industrial countries, wherein the
gaps in wages continue to expand. Employers reap their excessive rewards, but
this is just one of the facets of inequality. In May 2007, a US study revealed
that the income of 1% of the richest citizens rose by 180% between 1979 and 2004
while the income of 20% of the most underprivileged citizens rose by only 7%
during the same period. Hence, the reallocation of income is worse than ever and
far from meeting the aspiration of the world conscience. The growth faces a
second challenge resulting from the alarming environmental issues, especially
after the failure of the political officials around the world to fulfill their
duties in taking the necessary measures to protect the circle of life. This is
evidenced in their breach of the provisions of the Kyoto agreement during the
last months. Despite that, the international institutions are taking decisions
to curb the global warming. Last June, the G8 took up a recommendation that the
global warming should not rise above 2% until 2050. But the proclaimed
procedures were not accurate enough to provide for the observance of Kyoto
agreement, which is in force until 2012. In Bali's Climate Convention, the
conflict revolved around minimally approximating between the issue and the
returns of the agreement. Only Saudi Arabia launched a fund at the beginning of
this month to protect the environment and impede the dissemination of gazes that
cause heating. But the conflict is ongoing about the methods, especially in
underdeveloped countries that have been dreaming of progress for years and which
should take action now to curb their power consumption and the dissemination of
carbon dioxide. This will surely curb economic activity for the sake of
respecting the universal environment and will subsequently hamper world growth.
3

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 20


                  Copyright 2007 Dar Al Hayat - Dar Al Hayat.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             Dar Al Hayat (Lebanon)

                            December 17, 2007 Monday
                             International Edition

Inequality and Environment Challenge the World Economy

BYLINE: Michel Morkos

LENGTH: 1150 words


The world economy is undergoing the drawbacks of being connected to the US
economy. It has been complying therewith since the end of World War II and has
shouldered the burden of its crises for over 60 years. Currently, as developing
countries are achieving a massive and solid growth, it seems that the world
economy is able to relinquish the adherence to the strongest economy worldwide.
So, can it survive away from the repercussions of the US economical crises?


Five years ago, the world economy showed that it was growing at an "arrogant"
pace, despite the ongoing rise of fuel prices, the instability in many regions,
and the slowdown of the US economy. In 2006, the growth reached 6%, and achieved
a rate of 5% in the first half of 2007, thereby decreasing by 0.25 from the
expected rate. A 0.5 decrease is expected for 2008, thereby reaching 4.75%. The
developing and underdeveloped countries have witnessed an unprecedented growth
of 6% in Central and Eastern Europe and 6.2% in Africa in 2007. But for the
first time, the US economy stepped into a regression phase in 2006 and the
interest rate started increasing since 2004, thereby inflicting on highly
indebted families huge burdens. This led to a significant real estate crisis,
which contributed to a waning investment in real estate and a drop in the prices
of properties. Despite all this, the activity of the US economy generally
remained in check (the growth rate reached 3.3% in 2006 and nearly 3% in 2007)
and the family consumption remained dynamic. Concerned parties and experts
wagered on the fact that the epidemic will not reach other economies or that the
crisis will have a limited impact on the overall economy according to the report
of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in April. In fact, other countries of
the world have started to replace the US economy as the engine of the world
economy. This is Asia's case with the increasing economic power of China and
with the economic recovery. It is also the case in the European Union, which,
thanks to the German economy and the dynamism of its members in Central and
Western Europe, has witnessed one of the most substantial growth rates. These
started in 2001 and surpassed the US economy in 2007. In 2006, the contribution
of the US economy to boosting the world economy was 21%, while China contributed
12.5% and the European Union 22%. For the first time, the growth of the world
economy is allowed to be separated from the US economy. This is considered a
good step because it shows that the world is less liable to comply with the US
demand and debt. It wasn't logical, or fair, that most countries, especially
underdeveloped countries, should totally yield to the economic fate of the
richest economy worldwide and the most spendthrift on the planet. This
separation of the US and world economies will pave the way for the countries of
the world to witness a better distribution of the growth returns. The world
economy didn't witness in the past revenues of the current caliber and the
growth is now distributed over more countries and different regions. But this
distribution that branches out on larger geographic areas and is certified by a
share of the countries of the world is more proportionate than the Gross
National Product and trade transactions. Moreover, the separation between the US
and world economies remains proportionate too because the growth of the US
economy, despite its slowdown, has achieved rates that exceeded the anticipated
level. But the tangible results of this slowdown remain uncertain. The reason is
that the world growth, which is unprecedented in its expansion and globalization
in the history of modern capitalization, brings forth a number of challenges
that define the future and stability, fronted by the challenges of instability
and environment. The boom has driven the international bodies within the UN, as
well as political references and NGO's in the world to show an interest in
distributing resources for the benefit of the largest share of the population.
The inequality in the allocation of the GNP or income quorums keeps on
escalating but it remains proportionate in view of the fact that the boom has
grown to span many areas of the world. As such, the Chinese farmer, for
instance, benefits from the growth of his country, from the transfer of funds
from cities to villages, and from the improvement of his standard of living.
According to the report of the World Bank in October 2005, the number of those
extremely poor has waned. But in its report of October 2007, it laid the blame
on the technological achievements as "being one of the highest contributing
factors to the mounting inequality and to the increasing financial
globalization." Therefore, indicators point out that inequality is becoming more
intense in every area of the world. In underdeveloped or developing countries,
it is clearly observed that high-earning classes always enjoy large resources at
a time when the purchasing power of the poor continues to dwindle.
The same situation also characterizes the old industrial countries, wherein the
gaps in wages continue to expand. Employers reap their excessive rewards, but
this is just one of the facets of inequality. In May 2007, a US study revealed
that the income of 1% of the richest citizens rose by 180% between 1979 and 2004
while the income of 20% of the most underprivileged citizens rose by only 7%
during the same period. Hence, the reallocation of income is worse than ever and
far from meeting the aspiration of the world conscience. The growth faces a
second challenge resulting from the alarming environmental issues, especially
after the failure of the political officials around the world to fulfill their
duties in taking the necessary measures to protect the circle of life. This is
evidenced in their breach of the provisions of the Kyoto agreement during the
last months. Despite that, the international institutions are taking decisions
to curb the global warming. Last June, the G8 took up a recommendation that the
global warming should not rise above 2% until 2050. But the proclaimed
procedures were not accurate enough to provide for the observance of Kyoto
agreement, which is in force until 2012. In Bali's Climate Convention, the
conflict revolved around minimally approximating between the issue and the
returns of the agreement. Only Saudi Arabia launched a fund at the beginning of
this month to protect the environment and impede the dissemination of gazes that
cause heating. But the conflict is ongoing about the methods, especially in
underdeveloped countries that have been dreaming of progress for years and which
should take action now to curb their power consumption and the dissemination of
carbon dioxide. This will surely curb economic activity for the sake of
respecting the universal environment and will subsequently hamper world growth.
3

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 20


                  Copyright 2007 Dar Al Hayat - Dar Al Hayat.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                           December 1, 2007 Saturday
                                 Travel Edition

A CLASS OF ITS OWN

BYLINE: Peter Needham

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1250  words


Flying premium economy suits legs and wallets, reports Peter Needham


LOOKING for extra leg room on your next long-distance flight? It's available
with other facilities and comfortable touches at a lot less than a
business-class fare. The trick is to fly premium economy, the generic name of a
mid-priced class offered by various airlines, mostly on long-haul routes.

Premium economy fits between business and economy classes -- in cost, amenities
and frequent-flyer points earned -- and often occupies that halfway position on
board. Its seats resemble those comfy models you used to find in business class
before they were superseded by lie-flat beds.

Fly premium economy and you can expect a seat that will be wider and recline
more than a standard economy-class model. Details vary with airlines but
compared with standard economy, premium economy generally offers about 13cm to
20cm more leg room and 5cm to 15cm extra seat recline. Bonuses can include
larger personal video screens, adjustable headrests, more generous luggage
allowances, dedicated check-in areas at airports and armrest laptop power ports.
Passengers can expect a better standard of food and wine than in economy class,
more attentive in-flight service and possibly a self-service area for snacks and
drinks.

Users of Sydney airport can preview the new Qantas version of premium economy by
visiting the mezzanine level of Sydney domestic terminal (T3) near gate 13.
There, the airline's new Airbus A380 product is on display, including models of
the four new seats: first, business, premium economy and economy. The Qantas
premium economy seat was designed by Marc Newson, designer of the airline's
business-class Skybed sleeper seat. Qantas expects the new class (which will
include a self-service bar) to attract leisure and business flyers. ''A lot of
business travellers are flying economy internationally,'' Qantas executive
general manager John Borghetti points out. ''This new class is priced to fit
neatly between the two classes of economy and regular business.''

It will also appeal, Borghetti believes, ''to business people who are retired
... and who used to work for a company that would buy them a first-class or a
business-class ticket''.

The quality gap between Qantas's economy and business class is growing. As the
airline's business-class standards scale new heights, providing amenities such
as horizontal beds, ''it makes even more sense to add a product that sits
between that gap'', Borghetti adds.

Singapore Airlines has no plans to add premium economy class on its Australia
routes. A few weeks ago, it became the first airline to fly the new Airbus A380
aircraft to Australia, but Singapore Airlines' premium economy class (which it
calls executive economy) is available solely on its flights between Singapore
and Los Angeles. The 16-hour non-stop Los Angeles-Singapore sector is flown by
ultra-long-range Airbus 340-500 aircraft, fitted with just two classes: business
and premium economy.

In the latter class, passengers lie back in wide seats, with laptop power (one
AC power supply for every two seats) and large TV monitor screens.

Thai Airways International has recently introduced premium economy, but only
aboard its Airbus 340-500 aircraft, which doesn't fly to Australia.

Thai's premium economy offers seats with generous recline and in-seat power
points, if you happen to be flying between Bangkok and the US or Scandinavia.

Apart from in-flight comfort, premium economy can help you avoid crowds and
queues, even at Heathrow, Europe's biggest airport. Designed for about 45
million passengers a year, Heathrow is handling about 68 million. It has become
notorious for passenger congestion and baggage snarls.

Two Heathrow-based airlines, British Airways and Virgin Atlantic, expect the
bottleneck to clear after March next year, when Heathrow's huge new Terminal 5
opens. In the meantime, flying premium economy helps speed check-in. British
Airways' version, introduced in 2000, is called World Traveller Plus. BA has
added a ''manage my booking'' function to its ba.com website, allowing
passengers to check in and choose their own seats online up to 24 hours before
scheduled flight departure. On selected routes, they can print their own
boarding pass from their personal printer. World Traveller Plus places
passengers in a separate cabin with no more than five rows of seats and provides
complimentary drinks (excluding champagne), priority meal service and in-seat
power for laptops and individual in-seat telephones. World Traveller Plus
passengers are permitted to use the British Airways Executive Club.

''World Traveller Plus has really worked well for us on long-haul routes because
people are prepared to pay a little extra to switch from economy and get more
room and space in a private little cabin,'' says BA's loyalty manager Asia
Pacific, Tricia Gibb. World Traveller Plus is favoured by ''empty nesters or
baby boomers who have got more money to spend''.

While BA limits its economy-class passengers to one piece of hold baggage
weighing up to 23kg, World Traveller Plus passengers are allowed two pieces,
each up to 23kg. BA's longstanding rival, Virgin Atlantic, introduced the
concept of premium economy in 1992 and has refined it several times since.
Virgin claims its premium economy seat pitch, 96.5cm, is equivalent to business
class on some airlines.

The Virgin Atlantic offering features dedicated check-in, laptop power, separate
cabin, priority boarding and baggage reclaim.

''The biggest selling point is the seat,'' Virgin Atlantic's Nick Larkworthy
says. ''It's wider, you get more leg room and more recline. It's a nice leather
seat as well ... a bit like a business-class seat of the 1990s. You also get a
dedicated cabin -- quite a small one, with only 38 seats -- and champagne if you
want it.'' Upgrading from regular economy to premium economy on Virgin Atlantic
costs about $250 a leg (Hong Kong-London, for instance) and the upgrade, if
seats are available, can be booked up to two hours before the flight.

SAS Scandinavian calls its premium economy class Economy Extra.

Benefits include a separate cabin offering almost a metre of leg room, 94cm-wide
seats, each with a personal TV screen and audio-and-video on-demand
entertainment.

Almost on its own among US airlines, United Airlines offers a form of premium
economy. Its main feature is that passengers receive up to 13cm more leg room
than in standard economy.

Japan Airlines will add a premium economy service on B777 aircraft on
Tokyo-London routes this December, with Frankfurt and Paris to follow.
Passengers will relax in JAL's new Sky Shell seat and pay about $600 on top of
normal economy fare for a return trip from Tokyo to London. They will receive
standard economy-class meals (with more soft drinks, sake and snacks) and
business-class amenities.

Air New Zealand introduced premium economy in 2005, starting on long-haul routes
and expanding to trans-Tasman services; The initiative proved so popular the
airline reconfigured its cabins to add more seats. Like most premium economy
classes, Air New Zealand's version offers an exclusive cabin area. Passengers
receive premium check-in and on-demand in-flight entertainment. On its Boeing
747 and 777 aircraft, premium economy seats recline half as much again as
economy-class seats. This may not matter much on trans-Tasman hops but more leg
room and recline make a lot of difference when you're spending more than 20
hours sitting en route to Europe.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            September 3, 2007 Monday
                                 State Edition

APEC AUSTRALIA 2007 - Your guide to this week's Sydney summit

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1316  words


What is APEC?

The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation is a group of countries that share a
commitment to sustaining regional and global economic, in particular focusing on
trade and economic issues. Set up in 1989, APEC now comprises 21 members,
representing a combined GDP of about $19.5 trillion, or around 60 per cent of
global GDP.


When did APEC member nations start meeting?

1993. The first was hosted by US President Bill Clinton, at Blake Island in
Seattle, Washington on November 20 that year.


What are the APEC member nations?

Australia, Brunei Darussalam, Canada, Chile, People's Republic of China, Hong
Kong - China, Indonesia, Japan, Republic of Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New
Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, Chinese Taipei,
Thailand, United States, Viet Nam


When do the meetings in Sydney begin?

Leaders Week, which and finishes on September 9, involves a week-long series of
meetings to be held at various Sydney venues including the Convention and
Exhibition Centre at Darling Harbour, the Opera House and Government House.

Leaders Week is the culmination of a host of meetings held across the country
since the start of the year


When do the leaders meet?

September 8 and 9


What's on the agenda at this year's APEC?

As host of APEC 2007, Australia is responsible for setting the goals and policy
agenda. Prime Minister John Howard wants the key item on this year's agenda to
be climate change and in particular, looking at overriding the Kyoto Protocol
and putting in place new, flexible global targets on reducing greenhouse gas
emissions.


What has APEC achieved?

APEC has proven an extremely important forum for supporting trade liberalisation
and regional cooperations.

In 1994 APEC leaders agreed on a common vision of free and open trade in the
Asia-Pacific region - to eliminate tariffs by 2010 for developed economies, and
by 2020 for developing economies.


What will APEC achieve in Sydney?

A consensus on how best to tackle climate change is not unrealistic. Mr Howard
would love to go further, and get a "Sydney declaration" - targets aimed at
reducing greenhouse gas emissions.


AUSTRALIA

LEADER: Prime Minister John Howard

POPULATION: 20,434,176 (est)

GDP: $674.6 billion

ECONOMY: A robust economy with high export prices for raw materials and
agricultural products, although this has been impacted on by the drought. Low
inflation has boosted its strength.


BRUNEI

LEADER: Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah Mu'izzaddin Waddaulah

POPULATION: 374,577

GDP: $9.557 billion

ECONOMY: Brunei has a small, thriving economy, with crude oil and natural gas
the dominant exports.

Some concerns that more integration with the world economy will bring internal
instability.


CANADA

LEADER: Prime Minister Stephen Harper

POPULATION: 33,390,141

GDP: $1.178 trillion

ECONOMY: A strong, stable economy, with the US buying 85 per cent of its
exports.

It also is the biggest exporter of energy to the US, with large deposits of oil,
gas and uranium as well as electrical power.


CHILE

LEADER: President Michelle Bachelet

POPULATION: 16,284,741

GDP: $202.7 billion

ECONOMY: Asian financial crisis and severe drought threw the country into
recession in 1999, but the economy has largely bounced back, partly through
export earnings in forestry, fishing, and mining.


CHINA

LEADER: President Hu Jintao

POPULATION: 1,321,851,888

GDP: $10.17 trillion

ECONOMY: Reforms in this Communist country has seen China become major world
player.

Conditions have improved for the population but it is still subject to tight
political control.


HONG KONG

LEADER: Chief Executive Donald Tsang

POPULATION: 6,980,412

GDP: $258.8 billion

ECONOMY: A free market economy highly dependent on international trade.

While poor in natural resources, its service industry - including financial
services - has expanded rapidly in the past decade.


INDONESIA

LEADER: President Dr Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono

POPULATION: 234,693,997

GDP: $948.3 billion

ECONOMY: This troubled economy, crippled by the Asian financial crisis, has also
been hit by disasters such as the 2004 tsunami and terrorism, which have
discouraged foreign investment.


JAPAN

LEADER: Prime Minister Shinzo Abe

POPULATION: 127,433,494

GDP: $4.218 trillion

ECONOMY: Japan ranks only behind the United States among the world's most
technologicallypowerful economy, the world's third-largest.

Its small agricultural sector means it is a major importer of food.


SOUTH KOREA

LEADER: President Roh Moohyun

POPULATION: 49,044,790

GDP: $1.196 trillion

ECONOMY: Economy has boomed since the 1960s, and it is now considered a power.

This success was based on close ties between government and business and a focus
on importing raw materials.


MALAYSIA

LEADER: Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi

POPULATION: 24,821,286

GDP: $313.8 billion

ECONOMY: Exports of electronics has propelled Malaysia's economy, as have higher
world oil prices due to its status as an exporter. Close trading relationship
with US, China, and Japan.


MEXICO

LEADER: President Felipe Calderon

POPULATION: 108,700,891

GDP: $1.149 trillion

ECONOMY: Income per capita is a quarter of the US, with the government vowing to
address poverty.

Recent expansion of electricity, transport and telecommunications industries.


NEW ZEALAND

LEADER: Prime Minister Helen Clark

POPULATION: 4,115,771

GDP: $106.9 billion

ECONOMY: A largely agrarian economy 20 has transformed to be more
industrialised. Per capita income has risen throughout this decade, while
exports picked up last year after stagnating for several years.


PAPUA NEW GUINEA

LEADER: Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare

POPULATION: 5,795,887

GDP: $15.41 billion

ECONOMY: Agriculture supports 85 per cent of the population, with minerals
accounting for two thirds of export earnings. Australia supplies $240 million
yearly in aid - 20 per cent of the PNG's national budget.


PERU

LEADER: President Alan Garcia

POPULATION: 28,674,757

GDP: $186.6 billion

ECONOMY: Economy has improved with optimism increasing.

Growth driven by export of minerals, and agricultural products, with energy
projects planned. High poverty and low employment among residents.


PHILIPPINES

LEADER: President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.

POPULATION: 91,077,287

GDP: $449.8 billion

ECONOMY: High levels of poverty with a rapidly growing population. The economy
improved between 2002 and 2006 due to growth in service sector, and greater
exports and agricultural output.


RUSSIA

LEADER: President Vladimir Putin

POPULATION: 141,377,752

GDP: $1.746 trillion

ECONOMY: Since communist USSR broke up in 1991, Russia has struggled
implementing democracy and free market economy. Oil export earnings have led to
major economic improvements.


SINGAPORE

LEADER: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong

POPULATION: 4,553,009

GDP: $141.2 billion

ECONOMY: A successful and stable economy, relying heavily on exports such as
electronics and information technology products.

Recovered since being hit by recession and SARS outbreak.


TAIWAN

LEADER: Represented by Stan Shih

POPULATION: 22,858,872

GDP: $680.5 billion

ECONOMY: A dynamic capitalist economy, with increased privatisation of
government-owned banks and industrial firms. Strong export market, with China
now its biggest customer.


THAILAND

LEADER: Prime Minister General Surayud Chulanont

POPULATION: 65,068,149

GDP: $596.5 billion

ECONOMY: Exports of manufactured goods as well as agriculture, rose to record
levels last year.

This is despite political instability, with a military coup last year, and the
2004 tsunami.


UNITED STATES

LEADER: President George W. Bush

POPULATION: 301,139,947

GDP: $13.13 trillion

ECONOMY: World's most powerful economy, with steady growth, low unemployment and
inflation, and rapid technological advances. Iraq war has seen big spending on
the military.


VIETNAM

LEADER: President Nguyen Minh Triet

POPULATION: 85,262,356

GDP: $262.8 billion

ECONOMY: An improving economy, with exports to the US doubling in 2002 and 2003.
While agriculture's share of the economy has declined, poverty has decreased
with the increase of open trade.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            January 7, 2012 Saturday

'Rural economy has suddenly become very robust'

BYLINE: Sukalp Sharma

LENGTH: 1092  words


Rural marketing guru Pradeep Kashyap swears by India's rural economy and this
huge emerging market. So has the rural market surprised him? "Well, it has to
the extent that the change and trends have been phenomenal," he says. So much so
that six years after coming out with the first edition of his book, Rural
Marketing, a much beefed up updated second edition is already on the shelf. The
book minutely observes the trends and development of India's rural market and is
a precious possession for marketers, management students and even corporates.
"This edition is about 80% different. When I wrote the first edition, rural
India was just waking up to economic development. And in the last six years,
rural India has transformed completely," says Kashyap. Sukalp Sharma tries to
decode the future expectations from India's rural market and economy, as Kashyap
reassures that in case of another major slowdown, rural will again be the
buzzword for India's economy. Excerpts:

There are two new chapters of notable interest in the new edition. How has the
rural market changed vis-a-vis this new material in the book?

Small towns were never considered important by marketers. But in the last four
to five years they have become the engines of growth. So rural is big but then
small towns are becoming bigger. That's where we've added that one chapter. The
second chapter is about services. Now rural India was never a services economy
but as it is growing and wealth creation is happening, services like better
education, better healthcare, more insurance covers, better banking facilities
are becoming increasingly popular. So there is a structural shift happening in
the rural economy from an agrarian economy to a services economy. Today,
agriculture accounts for less than half of the rural GDP and about 30-35% is
coming from the services sector now. And it's only expected to grow. Education
is expected to grow five times in the next 10 years, while healthcare is
expected to grow at least four times.

Rural economy cushioned India during the global slowdown of 2008. Where does
India's rural economy stand today?

That was a path breaking study that we did which has been used across the world,
including by The New York Times and the Washington Post. The rural economy is an
authentic economy while the urban economy is a bubble economy and a speculative
economy to a large extent. In rural India, nobody speculates on housing, no one
really invests in financial markets, and again there is no IT sector in rural
India. So that's why our rural economy continued to grow in 2008-09 and we did
much better than even China back then as ours is a domestic consumption-driven
economy and theirs is much more export driven. The rural economy now accounts
for 50% of India's economy. So half of our economy remains stable and that's a
huge advantage. The rural economy is going to continue to grow because the
fundamentals are strong, agriculture is becoming more robust, investments are
coming into agriculture on the supply side which was always a constraint.

So is it that the rural economy is in a better position today than it was in
2008 to anchor the Indian economy?

Yes, because the government has started investing in agriculture. So, today the
sector is more insulated from, for example, the monsoon. Till 2008, 65% of our
land was rain fed. But over the last three years, irrigation of land area has
increased considerably. Also, a lot of investment is going into godowns and
better management of food grain. Till 2008, we were a kind of a kaccha rural
economy. Now more than 70% of the villages are connected by all weather roads.
And these 70% villages account for 90% of the rural wealth. Sixty-six percent of
rural households now have electricity, which was about 50% in 2008. These 66%
again account for about 85% of rural wealth. All the required infrastructure is
suddenly falling into place together. The rural economy has suddenly become very
robust. So the only way it can go is up, not down. It is already a $1 trillion
economy, which means that it is the size of the Canadian or the South Korean
economy. And it will double in the next eight years to reach the $2 trillion
mark. It is expected to grow at about 10% compounded annually.

So do you see FDI in retail as a boon for Indian agriculture and the farmer?

Investment in agriculture is the larger issue and that will drive the rural
growth. If the government can do it, great, if it can't, let's bring in FDI. To
that extent I have no ideological issues. I have nothing against FDI but I feel
that FDI will have some vested interests and it will lead to imbalanced and
pocketed growth and not universal growth. FDI will have specific benefits, which
will be largely determined by the big chains, whereas the government spending
will be more determined by society. If the government can do it from its own
funds, I'd be happier.

How interested today is corporate India in the rural market as compared to 2005
when you wrote the first edition?

The interest is phenomenal. But in terms of what's happening on the ground,
there are different shades. So you have the frontrunners like ITC and Hindustan
Unilever, who have had a focus on rural in the past as well and are now further
accelerating their initiatives. Companies that were laggard, which were not
interested in rural at all, are really beginning to take interest. We are
working with GE Healthcare, which wants to jump from the US straight into rural
India. Same with Intel, Microsoft, Honywell, and many more. As much as 12% of
the world's population lives in rural India and the income levels are growing
rapidly. In the book I have shown that the classic social pyramid is morphing
into a diamond and it's going to have a big bulge in the middle. So the middle
class is going to grow exponentially and typically it's the middle class that
drives growth. Companies have now realised that. Even premium brands are now
looking to come in.

How interested are the MNCs in India's rural market?

If you ask me, the multinationals are seeing a much bigger opportunity as they
are not coming with any psychological baggage about the rural market. MNCs have
had a very different impression of rural India being poverty ridden etc. So when
they come in, they see this huge consumption story shaping up and it's a 'wow'
story for them. It relatively makes it a lot easier for them to spot an
opportunity. Many notable MNCs are working with us to strategise for the rural
market.

Rural Marketing

Pradeep  Kashyap

Pearson Education

R  401

Pp 328

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           Glanbrook / Sachem Gazette

                           September 8, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Exactly how bad is it?

BYLINE: William Thomas, Humour

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 811  words


The economy is bad. You hear that a lot these days. The job market is down,
mortgages are not rebounding and consumer confidence is waning. Paris Hilton
hasn't purchased a diamond-studded collar for one of her dogs since June.

The stock market is killing us. One day it's down, next day it's way down, then
up, down, up. It's like trying to keep track of George Michael's zipper on a
Sunday morning in the park. The price of gasoline is up, but the cost of a
barrel of oil is down, gold goes up, financials go down. Commodities go down,
pork belly futures get slaughtered. It's painful, like watching a drunk dance
his way through Royal Doulton's showcase window. So exactly how bad is the
economy? Financial experts in Washington (OXYMORON ALERT!) claim that although
we are experiencing  Mickey Rooney growth' while fighting off a  Patsy Cline
decline,'it is nowhere near the  badder than a junkyard dog' setback predicted
by Leroy Brown. Yes, the economy is so bad the experts are running out of
doomsday clichs to describe it. Seriously, dabbling in the stock market these
days is so dicey even The Wealthy Barber took a haircut. Perhaps Jay Leno said
it best: "Finally some good news - the price of gas is going down. They say it
could be under three dollars a gallon. Do you know what that means? You can now
afford to drive by the house you used to live in, go by the job you used to have
and see the bank where you used to have money. It's the trifecta of recession!"
Trust a guy who makes $32 million a year to go to bat for the little guy. Yes,
the economy is bad. But how bad? - The economy is so bad I saw a stray dog
sitting on the sidewalk of a busy street with a sign that read: "Wil werk for
fud." - The economy is so bad Canadian banks are installing ATMs on the back of
ATVs. - The economy is so bad the youngest of the Kardashian girls may have to
live with natural breasts. - The economy is so bad the Stopwatch Gang just
robbed a food bank. - The economy is so bad Madonna has started adopting
American kids. - The economy is so bad the Annual Conference of U.S. Central
Bankers in Wyoming was held   not making this up   at Jackson Hole. - The
economy is so bad libraries are now accepting canned goods as payment for
overdue book fines. - The economy is so bad even white collar crime is down. -
The economy is so bad the New York Yankees announced that unless things improve
they will not be able to buy another World Series until the 2013/2014 season. -
The economy is so bad U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke was
photographed balancing his cheque book on his forehead just as he went over
Niagara Falls. - The economy is so bad, in a desperate attempt to get the money
markets moving, Washington has decriminalized Ponzi schemes. - The economy is so
bad, the U.S. government has announced major military funding cuts by promising
to invade 40% less countries next year. - The economy is so bad that Canadian
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty now admits that when he characterized our
situation as being "robust" and "growing" he had his fingers crossed behind his
back. - The economy is so bad U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner claims
his job is a lot easier now that there's no money in the treasury. - The economy
is so bad, before they could attend a meeting of the world's eight richest
countries, the Americans had to get through the qualifying round. - The economy
is so bad last night's top contenders on television's The Biggest Loser were
Greece and Spain. - The world economy is so bad, yesterday the Euro achieved par
with Canadian Tire money. - The economy is so bad President Obama ordered the
Department of Agriculture to conduct a space station experiment to see if money
really can grow on trees. - The economy is so bad, China which is holding a $1.2
trillion U.S. I.O.U. is threatening to send a guy named Vinnie WeiWei over to
break America's legs. - The economy is so bad Italian Prime Minister Silvio
Berlusconi's new austerity program targeting women is called: "Buy One, Get One
Free." - The economy is so bad major American newspapers have suspended
publishing for six months and are donating the paper to the U.S. Mint. - The
economy is so bad Standard and Poor's have downgraded  Two And A Half Men' to
One Guy And That Kid From Look Who's Talking.' - The economy is so bad the
Canada Pension Plan is now sending seniors post-dated cheques. - The economy is
so bad when the feds announced a double-chip recession, Mike trampled Molly in a
race to Haagen-Dazs.

- The economy is so bad Conrad Black had to put his prison butler on part-time
hours. - The economy is so bad Rupert Murdoch's newspaper reporters are only
hacking into phones with free long distance charges. - The economy is so bad
Bill and Melinda Gates will be holding a lawn sale Saturday, September 10 at 8.
No, not 7. Not 7:30. 8:00 a.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             May 15, 1993 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

World economy looks so much better if all nations count

BYLINE: ROSS GITTINS

SECTION: NEWS; News Extra; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1158 words


The world economy is often equated with the economies of the developed
countries, but as ROSS GITTINS argues, this is a misleading view.

MOST OF us realise the importance of the prospects for the world economy to the
prospects for our own economy. But the shape of the world economy is changing in
ways many of us have yet to appreciate.

What exactly do we mean by the "world economy"? More pertinently, which are the
countries that matter most in the world economy? The truth is that often what we
refer to as the world economy is actually just the total of the developed
economies. That's partly because the main forecasts and figures we get for the
world economy come from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development, the Paris-based club of the world's 23 rich nations.

The developed world boils down to the United States, Japan and Europe (plus
Canada, Australia and New Zealand). For years we have had the view that, if you
had the big three tabbed, you had pretty much got the world covered.

There were the developing countries, of course, but they didn't amount to much.
And, in any case, the fortunes of the developing countries were pretty much
dependent on the ups and downs of the developed countries.

But, though we have been slow to catch on, this short-hand view of the world has
become increasingly misleading. It fails to take account of the growing global
significance of the developing economies.

The story began changing in the 1970s with the jump in the incomes of
oil-exporting countries. Then came the phenomenal growth of the "newly
industrialising countries" of Asia.

In prospect for the '90s is strong growth in the Latin American economies, and
the emergence of the sleeping giant, China.

The economic agency that monitors the performance and prospects of the
developing countries is the International Monetary Fund in Washington.

Its forecasts cover not just the 23 developed countries, but also 130 developing
countries (plus 24 former socialist economies of central Europe and the former
Soviet Union).

So how does the world economy divide up between the developed, developing and
former socialist economies? Well, that's where the IMF has just re-done its sums
_ and the results may surprise you.

To date the IMF has done it the standard way, taking each country's gross
domestic product, converting it to US dollars, then adding them up.

Doing it that way shows the US accounting for a quarter of the world economy,
Japan for 14 per cent, Germany for seven per cent and the rest of Europe for 22
per cent.

That puts the developed economies at 73 per cent of the world economy, leaving
the developing countries with 18 per cent and the former socialist economies
with nine per cent.

But doing it that way leaves the comparison of countries' relative size at the
mercy of their currency's exchange rate with the US dollar. It tends to
overstate the size of countries with strong exchange rates and understate the
size of those with weak exchange rates.

So, in its world economic outlook for April, the IMF has re-done its
calculations using "purchasing power parity" _ that is, taking account of what
it actually costs to purchase particular goods and services in each country.

Doing it this more accurate way has dramatically changed the relative importance
of countries in the world economy. The developed countries' share has shrunk to
54per cent, whereas the developing countries' share has expanded to 35 per cent.

Taking the developing countries in isolation, about half their economic
firepower comes from Asia. About a quarter comes from Latin America, leaving the
Middle East and Africa accounting for an eighth each.

All the developing-country regions gain in size under the new measurement
system, but the biggest gain is made by Asia. It's share of the world economy
expands from seven per cent to 18 per cent.

Within Asia, the biggest winner is China. Properly measured, China is already a
much bigger economy than we had realised.

Now, when you look at the IMF's forecasts for the growth of the world economy,
you realise all this is of more than just academic interest _ particularly for
Australia.

Thanks to the weak recovery in America and recession in Japan and Europe, the
IMF predicts that the industrial countries will grow only a fraction faster this
year than the pathetic 1.5 per cent growth they achieved last year. The recovery
in the industrial world won't begin until 1994, when it should grow by a more
respectable 2.9 per cent.

But you have probably guessed the punch-line: it's a much brighter story among
the developing countries. Their economies are expected to grow by 5.1 per cent
this year, only a little slower than the 6.1 per cent growth they achieved last
year.

This is the big news in the fortunes of the world economy _ the resilience of
the developing economies. Historically, they have been seen as being at the
mercy of the performance of the industrial countries.

But now it's clear that they have developed their own momentum; that they are
capable of continuing to steam ahead while the industrial world falls in a heap.

At the heart of this new-found resilience, of course, is the remarkable success
of the Asian economies. Their growth is predicted to slow from the 7.9 per cent
they achieved last year, but only to 6.7 per cent this year. And they are
expected to keep that up next year.

One reason for the Asian economies' resilience is that a growing proportion of
their trade is between themselves, rather than with the developed world.

And that's where this story gets its point for Australia: we have become more
plugged into Asia, too.

Between 1982 and 1992, the proportion of our merchandise exports going to the
newly industrialising economies (Hong Kong, Korea and Taiwan) rose from 10 per
cent to 21per cent. The proportion going to the ASEAN economies (Singapore,
Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines) rose from eight per cent to
14 per cent. China's share was steady (at three per cent), as was Japan's.

Last year, 25 per cent of our merchandise exports went to Japan and more than 38
per cent to the rest of Asia. (That left only 13 per cent going to the European
Community, nine per cent to the US, five per cent to New Zealand and about nine
per cent to odds and sods.) So the resilience of the Asian developing countries
is important _ and highly encouraging _ news for us. We, of all people, should
be the first to shake off the old, OECD-centred view of the world.

WHO'S WHO IN THE WORLD ECONOMY
              SHARE
      United States             23
      Japan                      8
      Germany                    4
      Rest of Europe            15
      Others                     4
      DEVELOPED COUNTRIES       54
      Africa                     4
      Asia                      18
      Middle East                5
      Latin America              8
      DEVELOPING COUNTRIES      35
      Former socialist          11
      TOTAL                    100


LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                        New Straits Times (Malaysia)-EDU

                                  May 22, 2001

Who cares about K-economy?

BYLINE: By Faezah Ismail

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1017 words


ALMOST every day there is something written or aired about the knowledge-
based economy or K-economy in the print and electronic media.

As economists mull over the issues of the new economic order, business
leaders speak of the need to upgrade Malaysia's human capital.

Educators, meanwhile, appeal to every Malaysian to acquire the habit of
lifelong learning because "education and more education" is the key to
success in the new millennium.

Warnings of wealth disparity and social exclusion - the downside of a
trend which shuns those without the required know-how - have also been
sounded.

"Brawn to brains", "knowledge workers", "learning organisations", "the
digital divide", "knowledge elitism" are among the phrases which have
peppered discourses on the K-economy.

But is all this talk about the K-economy making sense? Just how much of
the information is understood by Malaysians especially the young? And can
they relate it to their daily lives and their future?

Conversations with those who make it their business to study the concept
indicate that many Malaysians have a poor appreciation of the issues
involved.

"I think there is a lack of a clear understanding of what is meant by
the knowledge-based economy," says Datuk Zainal Aznam Yusof, deputy
director-general (economics) of the Institute of Strategic and
International Studies (ISIS) Malaysia, the organisation which drafted the
K-Economy Master-Plan, now being considered for approval by the
Government. (See story page 3)

"Do remember that this is a new term," adds Zainal Aznam. "In the past,
people just talked about the economy, usually in terms of the more
developed or the less developed economy."

"But now you have the K-economy. So what does it mean? If people are
confused, it is not surprising," he says.

Zainal Aznam should know. He and his colleagues spent a good part of
last year touring the country to gauge people's notion of the knowledge-
based economy. That coincided with the drafting of the K-Economy Master-
Plan by the ISIS team.

The researchers held discussions with officials from the public and
private sectors in all the States except Perak.

The nationwide dialogues were deemed necessary because, as Zainal Aznam
puts it, "we were trying to transmit our tentative ideas about the K-
economy."

"At the same time, we wanted to get a feel of people's perception of the
K-economy to find out if we were missing anything in our endeavour to
draft the master-plan," he says.

"We felt that K-economy discussions were mainly taking place among top
Government circles and we didn't think the information was filtering down,
not even here in Kuala Lumpur. Think about places such as Kampar, Grik or
Perlis," Zainal Aznam adds.

The drawing up of the master-plan came on the heels of a Government
decision to transform the current industrial-based economy into a
knowledge-based one.

"There may be some Malaysians who comprehend the concept but they simply
do not see its urgency," says educator and social commentator Datuk Dr
Ibrahim Ahmad Bajunid.

Apparently, many Government officials are in this category.

Quite unlike "those who are crossing boundaries, seeing other countries
especially leaders (of the various fields) with a regional and a global
outlook".

It is no one's fault really.

Says Ibrahim: "Things are moving too fast. The Government is doing
everything it can but the people do not see the urgency of it because it
is not easy to see the future."

Ibrahim is alluding to the challenges of a burgeoning knowledge economy.

But what do academics and economists mean when they talk about the K-
economy?

The Economist (1997) noted that the notion "is hardly new, nor is its
meaning wholly clear". Writers such as Daniel Bell and Peter Drucker
talked about knowledge workers decades ago.

"The phrase has been used enthusiastically to describe a new
interconnected economy and the positive effect of newly emerging
technologies in the workplace and home," writes Dale Neef in The Knowledge
Economy.

Equally, it has been used to lament the effect of downsizing on the
blue-collar sectors of the labour force.

For some, "knowledge-based economy" describes the ever-increasing
proportion of the nation's GDP dedicated to computerisation and high-
technology electronics industries.

For others, it is the impetus behind "knowledge management" - adaptation
of traditional organisational structures in a way that better accommodates
the highly skilled "knowledge workers" who populate the high-performance
workplace and provide complex problem-solving services.

"The knowledge-based economy is a phrase that has been used to describe
both a coming of age of global prosperity and a coming economic
apocalypse," writes Neef.

In the Malaysian context, the knowledge-based economy refers to optimal
and ever increasing application of knowledge in all the sectors of the
economy and development of viable, profitable and high value-added
knowledge-intensive industries.

Serious efforts to disseminate information on the K-economy have already
begun, say observers.

"ISIS started it with the nationwide dialogues. We talked to people
throughout the country first before we completed the master-plan," says
Zainal Aznam.

"The Government is doing it all the time," says Ibrahim, "through its
agencies and the media".

Over the last two years, there have been numerous conferences on the K-
economy, reflecting the gathering momentum of a process which began in the
mid-1990s when the K-Economy Policy was introduced.

ISIS, for example, organised the K-Economy National Youth Congress for
young Malaysians soon after it began working on the K-Economy Master-Plan
early last year.

"We think this is a domain for young people ... our salvation is in the
young," says Zainal Aznam.

"Inform then reform," says one educator, who requested anonymity,
"because without the participation of every Malaysian especially the
young, the campaign to move towards the K-economy will fail".

 faezah@nstp.com.my


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Zainal Aznam ...  If people are confused, it is not
surprising'.  (STF) - So what is this knowlwdge-based economy that is being
bandied about? asks Faezah Ismail.

            Copyright 2001 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              58 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Old vs New? Keep feedback coming

                                 April 16, 2000


THANK you, dear readers, for your response to our new economy-old economy
special in Sunday Plus last week.

The 1,000 free "creative destruction" T-shirts we offered were snapped up within
an hour at Buzz Kiosks around the island.

We also received e-mail on the special, which sought to explain -in a fun way
-how the much-hyped "new economy" was more than just a change in the way
business is now being done, but also a phrase to denote a state of mind.

And, that frame of mind, we said, was in being more open, creative, wanting to
take some chances and not afraid of making some mistakes. In our 30-page
special, we also spoke of how we hope some old economy values would always be
retained, such as honesty, thrift and hard work.

Here is a sampling of the e-mail we received. Please continue to give us more
feedback on our stories. You can e-mail us at stlife@sph.com.sg

New economy not all that new

SOCIETY is always changing. We humans like to obtain the best in life, to make
each day more meaningful and not just another boring day.

The elements of "value-add" and "create value" altogether create a better
product -- something innovative and new.

Old and new economies do exist to a certain extent and these economies can be
interpreted in many ways.

I would like the best of both optimistic sides of the economies if possible,
combining both the old and new economies to create something more useful and
logical.

For example, combining passion (new economy) and hard work (old economy) means
we are more likely to reap success. Another is specialisation (old economy) and
multi-tasking (new economy), which would be ideal for a fast-paced society.

I also think the new economy already affected me at a very early age, when I was
in primary school.

I had project work then and the teacher always emphasised the presentation (old
economy) of the project as well as the contents (new economy) in it. Both had
better be good if you wanted your work to be exhibited.

Then in secondary school, I was doing human geography and topics on tourism and
industry. My teacher always said we should value-add (old economy) existing
products and develop more tourists spots in Singapore -which is creating more
value (new economy) to Singapore.

Therefore, this whole new economy issue has already been playing out in the
education system without our realising it.

So, there is no need for all this hype about it.

All told, while both the old and new are good, I still think it is better to be
yourself and adapt to the new economy if you want to. If you are comfortable
with it, keep it up, otherwise revert back to your usual lifestyle.

More important is to live life to the maximum and enjoy it.

But I must add that something I like about the new economy is paternity leave
for fathers. Now, that's interesting.

NICHOLAS HONG

But what about good English?

I AM confused by the message Sunday Plus is conveying through its coverage.

Does uttering Singlish signify the new language of the new economy? Does the
media want to push the addition of the Hokkien bao kar liau to worldwide
dictionaries as the words "lah" and "blur" have achieved?

If the Singapore English media's purpose is coining Singlish words in the new
century, then I am sorry that the aim of the Good English campaign has not been
achieved.

GAN YUNG CHYAN

Be open and nicer

BEING new economy should mean being yourself at all times.

Dressing down would be the norm and people would be more receptive to changes
and technology.

However, I do wish that integrity and friendship would still be very much with
us, no matter how fast the world changes.

People often don't show much kindness to others and it would be marvellous if
being new economy means being sophisticated, kind and receptive.

JANETTA LIN

So much brain food

YOU left out one entry in your story on the Great Divide between the old and new
economies.

If "content is king", then Sunday Plus must be added to the "new economy" list.
Now, I have so much brain food to digest. Thanks!

EKACHAI UEKRONGTHAM Artistic director Action Theatre

Just a load of buzz

THERE is no difference between old and new economy. It is just a change of
mindset, which changes every few years.

We should not be carried away by new idioms as they are just old ways revived
out of proportion.

MOHAMED RAZALI

SECTION: Sunday Plus; Sunday Plus; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 735 words

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Readers' e-mail explained in a fun way that "new economy', besides the
business aspect, was also a phrase to denote a state of mind.

TYPE: Letter

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              59 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Old vs New? Keep feedback coming

                                 April 16, 2000


THANK you, dear readers, for your response to our new economy-old economy
special in Sunday Plus last week.

The 1,000 free "creative destruction" T-shirts we offered were snapped up within
an hour at Buzz Kiosks around the island.

We also received e-mail on the special, which sought to explain -in a fun way
-how the much-hyped "new economy" was more than just a change in the way
business is now being done, but also a phrase to denote a state of mind.

And, that frame of mind, we said, was in being more open, creative, wanting to
take some chances and not afraid of making some mistakes. In our 30-page
special, we also spoke of how we hope some old economy values would always be
retained, such as honesty, thrift and hard work.

Here is a sampling of the e-mail we received. Please continue to give us more
feedback on our stories. You can e-mail us at stlife@sph.com.sg

New economy not all that new

SOCIETY is always changing. We humans like to obtain the best in life, to make
each day more meaningful and not just another boring day.

The elements of "value-add" and "create value" altogether create a better
product -- something innovative and new.

Old and new economies do exist to a certain extent and these economies can be
interpreted in many ways.

I would like the best of both optimistic sides of the economies if possible,
combining both the old and new economies to create something more useful and
logical.

For example, combining passion (new economy) and hard work (old economy) means
we are more likely to reap success. Another is specialisation (old economy) and
multi-tasking (new economy), which would be ideal for a fast-paced society.

I also think the new economy already affected me at a very early age, when I was
in primary school.

I had project work then and the teacher always emphasised the presentation (old
economy) of the project as well as the contents (new economy) in it. Both had
better be good if you wanted your work to be exhibited.

Then in secondary school, I was doing human geography and topics on tourism and
industry. My teacher always said we should value-add (old economy) existing
products and develop more tourists spots in Singapore -which is creating more
value (new economy) to Singapore.

Therefore, this whole new economy issue has already been playing out in the
education system without our realising it.

So, there is no need for all this hype about it.

All told, while both the old and new are good, I still think it is better to be
yourself and adapt to the new economy if you want to. If you are comfortable
with it, keep it up, otherwise revert back to your usual lifestyle.

More important is to live life to the maximum and enjoy it.

But I must add that something I like about the new economy is paternity leave
for fathers. Now, that's interesting.

NICHOLAS HONG

But what about good English?

I AM confused by the message Sunday Plus is conveying through its coverage.

Does uttering Singlish signify the new language of the new economy? Does the
media want to push the addition of the Hokkien bao kar liau to worldwide
dictionaries as the words "lah" and "blur" have achieved?

If the Singapore English media's purpose is coining Singlish words in the new
century, then I am sorry that the aim of the Good English campaign has not been
achieved.

GAN YUNG CHYAN

Be open and nicer

BEING new economy should mean being yourself at all times.

Dressing down would be the norm and people would be more receptive to changes
and technology.

However, I do wish that integrity and friendship would still be very much with
us, no matter how fast the world changes.

People often don't show much kindness to others and it would be marvellous if
being new economy means being sophisticated, kind and receptive.

JANETTA LIN

So much brain food

YOU left out one entry in your story on the Great Divide between the old and new
economies.

If "content is king", then Sunday Plus must be added to the "new economy" list.
Now, I have so much brain food to digest. Thanks!

EKACHAI UEKRONGTHAM Artistic director Action Theatre

Just a load of buzz

THERE is no difference between old and new economy. It is just a change of
mindset, which changes every few years.

We should not be carried away by new idioms as they are just old ways revived
out of proportion.

MOHAMED RAZALI

SECTION: Sunday Plus; Sunday Plus; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 735 words

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Readers' e-mail explained in a fun way that "new economy', besides the
business aspect, was also a phrase to denote a state of mind.

TYPE: Letter

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              60 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 16, 2016 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

The 'What Is It?' Economy

BYLINE: By STEVEN GREENHOUSE.

Steven Greenhouse, a former labor and workplace reporter for The New York Times,
is the author of ''The Big Squeeze: Tough Times for the American Worker.''

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 825 words


It's a hip, fast-growing sector of the economy, filled with headline-grabbing
companies: Uber, Lyft, Airbnb, Task Rabbit. But there's a gnawing problem:
People aren't sure what to call it. Many critics dislike the term most commonly
used, the ''sharing economy,'' because there often isn't much actual sharing
going on. Others prefer to call it the on-demand economy, peer-to-peer economy,
crowd-based economy, gig economy or collaborative economy.

Uber, Lyft and other e-hailing companies love to say they are ''ride-sharing
companies,'' signaling that they are collaborative and not crassly capitalistic.
These companies maintain that their drivers share their cars with passengers and
use apps to share information about where they are. But many academics and
workers in this sector assert that the business model seems less like sharing
than like traditional corporate profit-making that happens to use an app.

Rochelle LaPlante, who works for Mechanical Turk, an internet platform for
people to post and find piecework jobs, sees public relations spin behind the
term ''sharing economy.'' ''There's an exchange of money,'' she said. ''It's not
really sharing if a person's paying for it.''

Her point: If you're living in San Francisco and you want to drive to Palo Alto
and take a friend with you (perhaps splitting the cost of gas), that's ride
sharing. But if you take an Uber to get to Palo Alto, that seems more like a
taxi ride.

Arun Sundararajan, author of the new book ''The Sharing Economy: The End of
Employment and the Rise of Crowd-Based Capitalism,'' said he chose that term for
his title because so many people use it. Yet Mr. Sundararajan, a professor at
New York University's Stern School of Business, actually prefers ''crowd-based
capitalism,'' because a crowd of consumers obtains services by connecting, via a
platform, with a crowd of suppliers.

In the early 2000s, the sharing economy generally referred to people with
underused assets -- whether automobiles, homes or vacuum cleaners -- who let
others ''share'' them, usually for a fee. Such sharing was viewed not as a
business but as a way to promote sustainability.

''The 'sharing economy' phrase has stuck,'' Professor Sundararajan said, partly
because it suggests a personal touch -- say, an Airbnb host putting visitors up
in a spare bedroom. ''There's a connection that people seem to enjoy.'' (Even
though some say that the Airbnb hosts who own a dozen apartments are not really
sharing.)

Rachel Botsman, a co-author of ''What's Mine Is Yours: The Rise of Collaborative
Consumption,'' says that Uber and the like are not sharing companies. ''The
Uberfication of everything brings with it confusion about what is true
sharing,'' she wroteon Fast Company's website. To her mind, companies shouldn't
be considered part of the sharing economy unless they have a ''clear
value-driven mission'' and their workers are ''respected'' and ''empowered.''

Ms. Botsman added that some companies can legitimately be called sharing
companies, like Turo (previously called RelayRides), which enables car owners to
rent out their unused cars, and BlaBlaCar, which connects riders with car owners
planning to drive from one city to another.

With the term ''sharing economy'' under scrutiny, experts are casting about for
substitutes. Miriam A. Cherry, a St. Louis University law professor, recommends
the ''on-demand economy,'' but critics say that isn't exact enough, because
ordering a pizza by phone can be considered part of an on-demand economy. Others
prefer ''gig economy,'' but some assert that phrase isn't suitable for
21st-century app-based companies because gig workers -- think jazz musicians --
have been around for decades.

Shelby Clark, founder of RelayRides and chief executive of Peers, which advises
on-demand companies, prefers ''peer-to-peer economy'' because individual
consumers use a platform to connect with ''peer'' service providers. But as
Professor Sundararajan noted, illegal music and video sharing were once
described as peer-to-peer, giving that term a bad connotation.

Some embrace ''platform economy,'' but Geoffrey G. Parker, an engineering
professor at Dartmouth and the author of ''Platform Revolution,'' says that name
is too broad because it includes giants like Google, Facebook and YouTube.
Others like the ''app-based on-demand economy'' (the Abode economy), the ''gig
on-demand economy'' (the GOD economy) or the ''platform on-demand economy'' (the
POD economy), whose workers could be called pods.

Despite the criticism that ''sharing economy'' is inaccurate and sounds like
corporate spin, Professor Sundararajan says we might be stuck with that
description because corporations and the public so often use it. When Silicon
Valley and Madison Avenue latch on to a phrase, it's not easy to shake it off.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/16/opinion/the-whatchamacallit-economy.html

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              61 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             Oman News Agency (ONA)

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday

The Creative Economy Symposium Concludes

LENGTH: 672 words


Muscat, Sept 17 (ONA)----The creative economy Symposium entitled "The Role of
policies and Strategies in the Development of Crafts, Arts and Creative
Industries in the Sultanate of Oman", held during the last two days at Bait
al-Zubair Museum in Muscat, stressed at the end of its sessions the need for
attention to and development of the creative economy, developing the necessary
plans and strategies to take advantage of opportunities and investment that are
provided by this type of economy.       The participants confirmed the
importance of holding a further extended symposium with wide participation of
various government, private and civil society institutions to come up with a
clear and common vision that contributes to planning for the creative economy
and make the Sultanate a fertile field for innovators and investors in the areas
of creative economy.      The Symposium continued today with a number of
international and local themes and experiences related to the creative economy,
where the creative experience of Oman in the field of photography was discussed.

    A presentation from the United Kingdom addressed a group of global cities in
urban development and cultural planning, as the presentation highlighted the
importance of seriously addressing the creative economy when planning cities and
mapping the places associated with the creative economy.      For his part, the
Director General of the British Council said that the Sultanate has a distinct
cultural heritage, which is different from other states of the region,
emphasizing the importance of integrating domestic and international market
requirements and the need for a place for innovators to exercise their
innovation.      On the other hand, the creative economy consultant at the
Ministry of Finance, Economy and investment in Malta talked about the experience
of his country in creative economy by studying the element of the Maltese
economy and the translation of that into an integrated strategy.

----Ends/MN/FS   Muscat, Sept 17 (ONA)----The creative economy Symposium
entitled "The Role of policies and Strategies in the Development of Crafts, Arts
and Creative Industries in the Sultanate of Oman", held during the last two days
at Bait al-Zubair Museum in Muscat, stressed at the end of its sessions the need
for attention to and development of the creative economy, developing the
necessary plans and strategies to take advantage of opportunities and investment
that are provided by this type of economy.           The participants confirmed
the importance of holding a further extended symposium with wide participation
of various government, private and civil society institutions to come up with a
clear and common vision that contributes to planning for the creative economy
and make the Sultanate a fertile field for innovators and investors in the areas
of creative economy.      The Symposium continued today with a number of
international and local themes and experiences related to the creative economy,
where the creative experience of Oman in the field of photography was discussed.

    A presentation from the United Kingdom addressed a group of global cities in
urban development and cultural planning, as the presentation highlighted the
importance of seriously addressing the creative economy when planning cities and
mapping the places associated with the creative economy.      For his part, the
Director General of the British Council said that the Sultanate has a distinct
cultural heritage, which is different from other states of the region,
emphasizing the importance of integrating domestic and international market
requirements and the need for a place for innovators to exercise their
innovation.      On the other hand, the creative economy consultant at the
Ministry of Finance, Economy and investment in Malta talked about the experience
of his country in creative economy by studying the element of the Maltese
economy and the translation of that into an integrated strategy. ----Ends/MN/FS

Oman News Agency.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 389


                        Copyright 2013 Oman News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                              June 3, 2013 Monday

Double-engine economy

BYLINE: Jiang Hong

SECTION: OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS

LENGTH: 406 words


For a long time the developing economies in Asia, Africa and Latin America were
economically dependent on developed countries. With many restrictions imposed on
their independent development, the developing countries were in a disadvantaged
position in the international division of labor and industrial chain. The
developing economies mainly provided resources and markets for the developed
world with the developed economies having great economic influence over
developing economies.

One of the key characteristics of such an economic system was that the Western
world exerted a strong impact on the world economy, when it enjoyed normal
development, the world economy developed normally, but when it experienced
recession or crisis, the effects would be transferred to other countries.

The financial crisis, beginning in 2007, originated from the United States, then
rapidly spread to other countries and global financial markets, even causing
severe turmoil in the development of the global real economy.

But since the start of this century, emerging economies have become increasingly
important in driving global economic growth, and some significant changes have
taken place in the global economy. The single-cycle system driven by the US has
gradually evolved into a dual-cycle one, with China, as the largest
representative of emerging economies, playing a pivotal role as a second
economic engine.

Great changes and restructuring happened in the global economic and political
system after the financial crisis. With the economic strength of emerging
economies rising, the balance between developing and developed economies has
gradually changed. While the US' role as the driving force of the global economy
has been weakened and the developed countries share of the global economy has
declined, the emerging economies' contribution to the global economy has
increased rapidly.

In 2010, for the first time, the developing and emerging economies' capital
influx accounted for more than 50 percent of the global foreign direct
investment, reaching 51.6 percent. In 2012, for the first time in modern
history, China surpassed the US as the largest trading country. In its latest
World Economic Outlook released in January, the International Monetary Fund
predicted the growth of global GDP would be 3.5 percent this year, with the
developed economies increasing by 1.6 percent and the emerging economies by 5.5
percent.

Related readings:


LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

SIA showcases its premium economy class;
New cabin product comes in the wake of a two-year product development programme
and an estimated investment of US$80m

BYLINE: Prisca Ang , SIA showcases its premium economy class

SECTION: COMPANIES & MARKETS; Transport

LENGTH: 539 words


Singapore

SINGAPORE Airlines' new premium economy class will cater to an increasingly
segmented air travel market, with a focus on long-haul and upper-medium-haul
flights, said executive vice-president (commercial) Mak Swee Wah.

"Premium economy has been around for many years. In the last few years, however,
there has been a widening gap between the traditional business class and economy
class due to a changing industry landscape and consumer trends," said Mr Mak.

He was speaking at the media launch of SIA's premium economy product, where the
new premium economy seats were displayed for the first time.

The seats have a width of either 18.5 or 19.5 inches, depending on aircraft
type, with an 8-inch recline and a seat pitch of 38 inches.

These specifications are an increase from the 18-inch-wide seats in economy
class which have a six-inch recline and 32-inch seat pitch each.

Other premium economy highlights include USB ports, in-seat power outlets, a
personal in-seat reading light per seat, more stowage space for personal items,
and a 13.3-inch touchscreen high-definition (HD) monitor.

Premium economy passengers will also enjoy a baggage allowance of 35kg, up from
the 30kg allowance in economy. Members of the KrisFlyer frequent-flyer programme
will receive 10 per cent more miles when they fly in premium economy class.

In addition, there will be dedicated priority check-in counters and priority
boarding for passengers travelling in premium economy.

The airline's premium economy product comes in the wake of a two-year product
development programme and an estimated investment of US$80 million.

"The new cabin product is the culmination of two years of work, which included
extensive research and focus group studies involving customers and our design
partners," said Mr Mak.

SIA's premium economy class will be progressively rolled out on 19 Airbus A380s,
19 Boeing 777-300ERs and the first 20 of the airline's upcoming Airbus A350s.

It will enter commercial service on Aug 9, 2015, to Sydney.

Other upcoming destinations on its list include Beijing, Delhi, Hong Kong,
Frankfurt, London, Mumbai, New York, Shanghai, Tokyo and Zurich.

SIA's Boeing 777 will have 28 premium economy seats, while its A380s and A350s
will have 36 and 24 premium economy seats respectively.

The re-introduction of premium economy will see the number of economy seats
falling to 184 from 228 in the airline's B777 aircraft.

In eleven of its A380 aircraft, there will be 333 economy seats, down from the
initial 399. Meanwhile, there will be 245 economy seats, as compared to the
initial 311, in another eight of its A380s.

The airline used to offer premium economy on its direct services to New York,
before switching to an all-business class configuration.

SIA is re-introducing the product now as "the time is right" due to greater
market segmentation, Mr Mak told guests and the media when asked why the airline
had not done so earlier.

"Over the years, we've found that there's a clear distinction between passengers
who want business class travel, and those who want comfort but not the full
works."

He added that, while premium economy traffic is important, the airline's top
priority is to provide a suite of products that meets consumers' needs.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIA's premium economy seats have a width of either 18.5 or 19.5 inches,
depending on aircraft type, with an 8-inch recline and a seat pitch of 38
inches.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                         Business Traveller Middle East

                                 June 23, 2013

bridging the gap

LENGTH: 1134 words


With US carriers finally getting in on the act, premium economy is now a truly
global product - but what you get and how much you pay can vary considerably,
says Alex McWhirter

It's taken a long time but premium economy has come of age.

Introduced 20 years ago by Taiwan's Eva Air and Virgin Atlantic, the more
spacious seats in this superior economy cabin bridge the gap between regular
economy and business class.

For many years, what premium economy stood for remained a mystery to most
people.

Travellers in North America, the world's largest market, were only vaguely aware
of such a cabin because not a single local carrier provided it.

Because no US airline had premium economy, it meant that the global, but
US-based, online agents did not list it on their booking pages.

So booking premium economy, even if a traveller knew about it, wasn't
straightforward.

The breakthrough came only in the past few years, when American Airlines, Delta
and United embraced the concept with a simpler, hybrid-type product.

Air Canada will join in the summer but with an enhanced cabin to differentiate
itself from its rivals across the border.

Although travellers can book premium economy with most major carriers, standards
vary hugely from airline to airline, route to route and even within an airline's
own fleet.

Book Air New Zealand's premium economy on one of its flagship B777-300ERs and
you might believe you've booked business class in error.

At the other end of the scale, choose Delta or United and you might wonder what
all the fuss was about.

These carriers mainly add more legroom to economy class.

But that's not to denigrate what the US airlines offer.

Premium economy pricing relates to the comfort and space that a particular
airline provides.

So when you book Air New Zealand, you will be paying far more than if you were
to choose a US carrier on the same route.

Still, despite its global acceptance, three major carriers - Emirates, Lufthansa
and Singapore Airlines (SIA) - remain aloof from the concept.

Speaking to media at the opening Concourse A in Dubai in February, Emirates
president Tim Clark appeared to rule out adding the cabin to his airline any
time soon.

"I would never say never but we continue to pride ourselves that our economy
cabin would be premium economy for many airlines, particularly on the A380,"he
said."I don't know what economy seats on another airline offer a TV [up to 12.1
inches in size] with thousands of movies, or who spends as much we do on food.
"If we were to go to premium economy I would suggest we leave our economy cabin
as is, and create a section that's economy and compress pitch and put more seats
across, do less on in-flight entertainment, food and so on - and we don't want
to go down that path."

In previous years, SIA has maintained that its economy cabin is a match for
other carriers' premium economy classes.

But with its market share under pressure, can the carrier afford to be
complacent? Speaking to The Australian newspaper a few months ago, Tan Pee Teck,
SIA's senior vice-president of product and services, said:"Although premium
economy is not a closed matter for us...

we are not getting the sense that it's a truly successful product."

Still, aviation analysts based in Asia feel that SIA needs to reinvent itself
seeing as its profits are being squeezed by travellers choosing cheaper
alternatives, both within the region and on long- distance routes that
criss-cross Singapore.

Shukor Yusof, an analyst at Standard and Poor's, told channelnewsasia.

com in February:"SIA has always done exceptionally well with its offerings of
premium products.

But perhaps it's time for it to revisit the premium economy segment, an area
where many other competitors are looking."

Lufthansa says it is looking closely at the concept.

Like SIA, it faces price competition in its home market.

The addition of a premium economy cabin would enable Lufthansa to be more
competitive.

So what are the drawbacks? As I have said on these pages many times, space on a
plane is precious.

So as premium economy improves then one or two things will happen - either fares
will rise or those seated in standard economy will have to sacrifice space.

In some cases, both scenarios occur.

Andrew Solum, director at travel and event management company TIA Global,
says:"Space is being taken from general economy to create these zones.

It means some carriers are switching from nine- abreast to a ten-abreast layout
on their B777s.

This means a reduction in seat width of up to an inch, if not more, which is
quite tough if you are the unlucky individual in the middle seat.

Perhaps the higher density of economy is a method being used by the airlines to
encourage people to pay more money and fly in premium economy."

It can also be a costly class to fly.

Solum says:"Premium economy used to be a relatively obtainable product for those
willing to pay 20 per cent or 30 per cent more than economy class.

But now the airlines seem to be raising their fares considerably.

A peek at the Virgin Atlantic website for a flight to San Francisco [at the time
of writing] shows economy flights priced at £539 and premium economy almost
double, at £1,142.

But the latter comes with restrictions so a fully flexible ticket would cost
over £3,000.

Not many will pay this rate but a company booking at the last minute and with no
corporate deal just might."

With fares being so high, it's tempting for canny travellers to shun a direct
flight in premium economy and instead shop around for discounted business class
fares with indirect carriers.

When I checked in February, a return nonstop London-Tokyo premium economy flight
with JAL for the next month cost £3,110 (without a weekend stay), whereas
business class returns were available with Air France, Asiana, Emirates, Finnair
and Qatar Airways through opodo.co.uk over the same dates for between £2,400 and
£2,800.

Solum says:"Premium economy certainly adds a great alternative for those willing
to pay more for greater in-flight seating comfort but who cannot make the great
leap to business class [for nonstop flights].

Or for those whose companies' travel budgets prohibit business class."

But he laments the fact that higher prices do not lead to a rise in catering
standards."I wish more carriers would invest in offering an improved food and
beverage selection like Air New Zealand does, which makes it a different
experience from regular economy.

But I also understand the reluctance on the part of the airlines to make it too
much like business class so as not to encourage downgrading.

But I do feel premium economy is here to stay and fingers crossed it will only
get better and better." " For details of premium economy cabins on airlines
worldwide, see seatplans.com

'Premium economy used to be relatively obtainable, but airlines are raising
their fares'

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 323


                       Copyright 2013 Motivate Publishing
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               September 19, 2000

Knowledge and mind pillars of new economy

BYLINE: By Hardev Kaur

SECTION: Opinion My notebook; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 762 words


KNOWLEDGE is power and knowledge is the new basis for wealth. Due to the
pervasiveness of technology and the spread of globalisation the "war on
talents would take place" and indeed it has already begun.

Developed countries, US and Germany among others, are providing
incentives to attract knowledge workers. In fact the majority of IT
workers in Silicon Valley are foreigners and many of them from India.

Other countries wanting to move to the next stage of economic
development fast also seek out and attract talent and knowledge workers
with various incentives.

But who is a knowledge worker? Tan Sri Dr Omar Abdul Rahman, science
adviser to the Prime Minister, defines a knowledge worker as a risk taker,
someone who is able to work boundryless and even borderless; highly
motivated, adaptable and open to learning, including self learning and
re-learning and prepared to master new skills.

The K-worker also possesses core competency and creativity, which is
enhanced by mastery of ICT (Information and Communication Technology), has
the ability to provide solutions, working alone or in a group, and
practices smart partnership.

The rush for knowledge workers has increased with the new economy. This
is because "Knowledge" is now defined as a factor of production in the new
information technology economy.

This is in addition to the "traditional" factors of production - land,
labour and capital - which powered the industrial age and the
manufacturing sector.

"In the new economy, knowledge is not just another resource alongside
the traditional factors of production - land, labour and capital - but the
only meaningful resource today," according to Peter Drucker.

Knowledge, and more specifically knowledge workers, are mobile and
adaptable. Thus the various incentives and attractions being offered to
attract them to help power the new economy.

Countries, Malaysia included, not to be left behind, are beginning to
pay greater attention to knowledge and its application to every sector and
business endeavour. Terms such as K-economy and e-economy are becoming
part of a daily vocabulary.

Knowledge plays a crucial role in the new economy. But knowledge cannot
be allocated, it has to be acquired. Thus in a knowledge-driven economy,
those with the knowledge should be encouraged to contribute. This means
the environment must be conducive for them to share the knowledge for
national good and benefit.

But more than that it is essential that the institutions cater to the
needs of the new economy and those of the knowledge worker. Universities,
colleges and other institutions of learning must prepare for the new
challenges.

There is need to provide enhanced capacity to generate, acquire and
manage knowledge by both the public and private sectors.

The workplace must provide the right environment for the continued
development of K-workers. These may include flexible working hours,
training and retraining facilities, easy access to data and full
opportunity for transfer of tacit knowledge.

K-economy, E-economy or the New Economy. No matter which "economy" one
talks or refers to, one thing is certain - the structure of the economy
and the way things are done is changing. The old ways are rapidly and
constantly being displaced with new methods and ideas. This is happening
at the organisation and corporate levels, in production systems and in
marketing.

There is thus a need to ensure that the inherent potential of the
economy, country and its citizens is not hampered by bureaucratic red
tape. The K-economy - "knowledge driven" or "knowledge-enhanced" economy -
also means individuals with the knowledge and expertise must be given
space, encouragement and provided with the opportunity to contribute and
make a difference.

The old thinking and way of doing things will have to change. New and IT
economy calls for doing things differently. No doubt Malaysia has done
well so far. But if it is to maximise benefits from IT and K-economy, it
must adapt and re-engineer its institutions.

Some of the rules which governed the "Old Economy" will have to change
and new rules drawn up to cater to the rapid pace and the needs of
knowledge workers.

Winston Churchill once said: "All the great empires of the future will
be empires of the mind". In the New Economy and in the K-economy, the mind
certainly plays an even more crucial role.

Brute force and strength were among the pillars of the old economy.
Knowledge and the mind are those of the new economy.


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2000 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              66 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 1987 Columbia Law School.
                          Columbia Business Law Review

                                      1987

                          1987 COLUM. BUS. L. REV. 705

LENGTH: 13868 words

NOTE: SOLVING THE NONMARKET ECONOMY DUMPING DILEMMA

NAME: Grace M. Kang

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The increasing volume of trade between the United States and nonmarket
economy countries has heightened the importance of determining how best to
protect United States industry from dumping by these countries. ...  In cases
where the only market economy country producing merchandise identical to the
import is the United States, constructed value may be determined by using a
comparably developed market economy's prices to value the physical resources
required to produce the merchandise in the nonmarket economy country. ...  This
benchmark sets the foreign market value of the product at the average price of
like products imported from the highest volume market economy producer,
excluding United States producers and those other producers who may be dumping
or benefiting from subsidies. ... The benchmark approach would deny nonmarket
economy countries any comparative advantage. ...  If a planned market economy
failed to provide adequate proof that the relevant prices or costs were set by
market forces, the regular nonmarket economy laws would apply, whether they be
the current surrogate approach, any of the three benchmark approaches, or the
Schultze section 406 proposal. ...  The procedure of examining the planned
market economy's domestic industry to determine whether the price of the planned
market economy's product was established by market factors would also be
utilized by the Administration's benchmark proposal whenever a nonmarket economy
alleged that a particular sector of its economy was market-driven. ...

TEXT:
 [*705]  INTRODUCTION

   The increasing volume of trade between the United States and nonmarket
economy  n1 countries has heightened the importance of determining how best to
protect United States industry from dumping by these countries.  The concern is
that nonmarket economy exports to the United States are being sold at prices
lower than their actual cost of production or home market price, thereby harming
United States industry.  In statutory terms, dumping occurs when imported
merchandise is sold at "less than fair value"  n2 ("LTFV") and an industry in
the United States is "materially injured or is threatened with material injury,
or the establishment of an industry in the United States is materially retarded
by reason of"  n3 these imports.

   In practice, there is great difficulty in determining LTFV, which equals the
difference between the United States price  n4 of the merchandise in question
and its "foreign market value."  n5 In market  [*706]  economy export cases,
foreign market value usually equals the home market price or cost of production.
n6 However, in nonmarket economies foreign market value is not as easily
determined.  A nonmarket economy's home market price is considered inherently
unreliable because it is not determined by freely moving supply and demand
forces.  n7 Thus an alternative measure of foreign market value must be
utilized.  The dilemma lies in selecting an appropriate alternative.

   The issue is complicated by the difficulty of determining whether to treat
the merchandise in question as being the product of a nonmarket or of a market
economy.  With the increasing economic openness of Communist countries such as
the People's Republic of China and Hungary, this determination is a troublesome,
yet necessary, preliminary consideration.

   This Note evaluates the problem of alleged dumping by nonmarket economy
countries.  Section I reviews the historical treatment of nonmarket economy
dumping; Section II assesses current United States law on the issue; Section III
examines proposed alternatives to current law; and Section IV advocates one of
these alternatives.

   Although there is no perfect solution to this difficult problem, the best
possible answer involves a benchmark approach which uses the lowest price among
eligible market economy importers to represent the fair market value of the
commodity in question.  Such a method would also retain the current approach of
characterizing the exporting economy (or sector thereof) as either a market or a
nonmarket economy.

   I.  BACKGROUND

   A.  Early Antidumping Laws

   The original Antidumping Act of 1921  n8 did not specifically address
nonmarket economy dumping.  The preferred sources for determining foreign market
value of imports were: (1) home market sales, (2) sales to third countries, and
(3) constructed value based on  [*707]  production costs in the home economy.
n9 The regulations based on this statute, which were promulgated by the
Department of the Treasury ("Treasury"), did not specifically address nonmarket
economy dumping either.  n10 Thus, in the first nonmarket economy dumping case
to result in a judgment that products were being sold in the United States at
less than fair value, Treasury considered both home market price and constructed
value and, because the United States price was determined to be lower than
either, dumping was found to have occurred.  n11

   In the nonmarket economy cases that followed, Treasury developed a policy of
using third country prices instead of home market prices to determine whether
dumping was occurring.  After rejecting home market prices as being inadequate
for the determination of foreign market value, Treasury used the prices at which
similar products from third countries were sold to the United States.  n12 This
practice was continued in a subsequent determination by utilizing the price of
Western European jalousies exported to the United States.  n13 Treasury rejected
the traditional sources of foreign market value because there were no home
market sales, nor were the nonmarket countries exporting the product in question
to countries other than the United States.  Constructed value based on home
market prices was also impossible to determine given, for instance, an absence
of information on the actual costs of materials and labor in Czechoslovakia.
Thus, Treasury resorted to a third country price test.

   In a later case involving cement from Poland, Treasury offered another
rationale for utilizing the third country price test.  n14 It did not use the
home market price because home market sales were "not made in the ordinary
course of trade" as required by section 205(a) of the Antidumping Act of 1921.
n15 The prices of Western European cement exported to the United States were
used to determine the foreign market value of Polish cement.

    [*708]  B.  Recent Changes in the Law

   Treasury continued to use the third country price test and in 1968 formally
adopted it as Customs Regulation section 153.5(b),  n16 which provided:

   Ordinarily, if the information available indicates that the economy of the
country from which the merchandise is exported is controlled to an extent that
sales or offers of sales of such or similar merchandise in that country or to
countries other than the United States do not permit a determination of fair
value under section 153.3 or section 153.4, the Secretary will determine fair
value on the basis of the constructed value of the merchandise determined on the
normal costs, expenses and profits as reflected by the prices at which such or
similar merchandise is sold by a non-state-controlled economy country either (1)
for consumption in its own market; or (2) to other countries, including the
United States.

   This provision was enacted to reflect Treasury's practice and provided the
only explicit provision on use of third country prices to evaluate claims of
dumping by nonmarket economies until the enactment of the Trade Act of 1974.
n17

   The Trade Act of 1974 created the first statutory provisions specifically
addressing domestic relief from nonmarket economy imports.  Given the
then-prevailing atmosphere of detente, these provisions responded to the
possibility of Presidential abuse of discretion in placing foreign policy
interests above the interests of United States domestic industry.  Thus,
Congress enacted section 205(c) of the Antidumping Act,  n18 which essentially
codified Customs Regulation section 153.5(b),  n19 and section 406 of the Trade
Act of 1974,  n20 which provided an alternative remedy based solely on injury.

   The next major catalyst for the creation of new law in this area involved
Polish golf cars manufactured only for export to the United States.  n21 No
domestic or other foreign sales were made.  Treasury used the constructed value
of golf cars in Canada to determine the foreign market value of the Polish golf
cars.  However, Treasury had  [*709]  to find a new standard after the Canadian
producer stopped manufacturing golf cars in 1975.  No other third country value
could be used because the only other large-scale producers of golf cars were in
the United States.  Because using United States costs or prices for the fair
value determination would effectively price the Polish golf cars out of the
United States markets, Treasury created a new method for calculating constructed
value using the physical resources required to produce the cars in Poland,
valued at prices which then existed in Spain, a country deemed to be at a level
of economic development comparable to Poland.

   This new approach of determining foreign market value was adopted by Treasury
regulation in 1978.  n22 In cases where the only market economy country
producing merchandise identical to the import is the United States, constructed
value may be determined by using a comparably developed market economy's prices
to value the physical resources required to produce the merchandise in the
nonmarket economy country.

   The legislative history of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979  n23 reveals
Congress' critical attitude towards the 1978 regulations.  n24 Although the
Trade Act reenacted section 205(c) of the Antidumping Act of 1921,  n25 the
House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee specifically
emphasized that the reenactment was not intended to express either Congressional
approval or disapproval of the 1978 regulations concerning nonmarket economy
dumping.  n26 This explicit caveat indicated Congress' skepticism about the
current regulatory scheme used to determine foreign market value.

   C.  Nonmarket Economy Determination

   Recent cases have raised another difficult issue: whether to treat the
merchandise in question as being the product of a market or nonmarket economy.
A preliminary concern is whether state control of a nation's economy should be
determined on the basis of the state's influence on a particular economic sector
or on the economy as a whole.  In a case involving the alleged dumping of
menthol from  [*710]  the People's Republic of China, respondents argued that
the production and sale of menthol was not subject to state intervention.  n27
They also contended that the agricultural sector of the economy was subject to
limited state influence and that the Chinese economy generally was no longer
completely controlled by the central government.  The dispute thus involved both
sectoral and general economy free market arguments, with respondents emphasizing
the sectoral ones.  Despite these arguments, the U.S. Department of Commerce
("Commerce") determined that the nonmarket economy dumping provisions applied.
Commerce did not rule on the sectoral versus general state control issue;
instead, it determined that in this case the same results would have been
reached under either analysis.  State control was determined to exist in the
economy as a whole, as well as in the menthol sector specifically.

   In a case involving truck trailer axles shipped from Hungary,  n28 the
respondents again argued for a sectoral approach by contending that the economic
sector which produced truck trailer axles was market-driven.  n29 They also
contended that Hungary's economy as a whole was not state-controlled.  n30
Although Commerce initially considered using Hungary's home market prices
because Hungary had made significant reforms in opening its markets, Commerce
concluded that Hungary's economy was state-controlled.  n31 Commerce stated that
there was no single decisive factor in making such a determination.  Factors
varied with the national economy and the product involved.  n32 Apparently
Commerce rejected a sectoral approach and focused instead on the various factors
which indicated that the Hungarian economy in general was state-controlled.

   In a recent case involving petroleum wax candles from the People's Republic
of China,  n33 Commerce stated that in determining the level of the state's
intervention in an economy, some factors to be  [*711]  considered were: (1) the
degree of government ownership of the means of production, (2) the degree of
centralized government control over the allocation of resources, (3) the degree
of centralized government control over output, and (4) the relative
convertibility of the country's currency and the degree of government control
over trade.  n34 Commerce specifically evaluated the candle sector of the
Chinese economy and determined that it was to be treated as state-controlled,
despite some indicia of market forces at work.  The most important consideration
was that paraffin wax was a quota product produced by state-owned petroleum
firms facing centrally set prices and quotas.

   Other considerations involved the economy of the People's Republic of China
as a whole.  These included: (1) the relative insulation of producers from
external market factors, (2) the fact that licenses were required for all
imports, and (3) the existence of foreign exchange and export/import controls.
n35 Commerce concluded that the economy of the People's Republic of China was
state-controlled and was exporting petroleum wax candles to the United States at
less than fair value.

   In light of market reforms in countries like China and Hungary, these three
cases point to the emerging preliminary issue of determining whether a product
is the result of state-controlled or free market forces by looking either at a
specific sector of the economy or at the economy generally.

   II.  CURRENT UNITED STATES LAW

   A.  Statutory Antidumping Provisions

   1.  Statutory Text

   The current statutory provisions which govern nonmarket economy dumping may
be found under Subtitle B of Title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 as added by the
Trade Agreements Act of 1979  n36 ("1979 Act").  A United States company may
bring an antidumping proceeding against foreign producers and United States
importers by making allegations that imports are being sold in the United States
market at "less than fair value,"  n37 which occurs when the  [*712]  United
States price is less than the foreign market value.  n38 Petitions must be
simultaneously filed with Commerce and the International Trade Commission
("ITC").  n39 Commerce then determines whether dumping is occurring and the ITC
determines whether United States industry has been injured because of the
imports.  n40 If both dumping and injury are found, dumping duties are assessed
according to the dumping margin, which is approximately the difference between
the average home market price or cost of production and the United States price.
n41

   The statute specifically addresses the determination of foreign market value
for state-controlled economies.  Section 774(c) of the 1979 Act  n42 states that
if the International Trade Administration ("ITA") determines that the country
from which the merchandise is exported is state-controlled to the extent that
sales or offers of sales of such merchandise do not permit a determination of
foreign market value under "normal" dumping provisions, then the ITA shall
determine the foreign market value of the merchandise on the basis of the normal
costs, expenses, and profits of producing such merchandise as reflected by
either: (1) the prices at which such merchandise produced in a
non-state-controlled economy country is sold either (a) for consumption in the
home market of that country, or (b) to other countries including the United
States; or (2) the constructed value of such merchandise in a
non-state-controlled economy country.  n43 Thus the statute advocates the use of
third ("surrogate") country prices.

   Commerce regulations provide further details for determining the foreign
market value of merchandise imported from state-controlled economies.  Section
353.8(a) indicates a preference for using actual prices of these goods instead
of their constructed value.  n44 Section 353.8(b) also indicates that in either
type of valuation, the surrogate country chosen to provide market prices should
be one at a stage of economic development comparable to the state-controlled
economy from which the merchandise is exported.  n45 Comparability is to be
determined according to generally recognized criteria, including per capita
gross national product and infrastructure development.  n46

    [*713]  The regulations also specify that constructed value may be
determined from verified, specific factors of production in the state-controlled
economy, valued using prices from a non-state-controlled-economy determined to
be reasonably comparable in economic development.  n47 This was the method used
in Electric Golf Cars from Poland.  n48 Again, the use of a surrogate country
with a comparably developed economy is preferred for this method of valuation.

   2.  Problems in Implementation

   A chief criticism of the current surrogate country approach to determining
foreign market value is its inaccuracy.  It is extremely difficult to find two
different countries that have sufficiently similar economies such that the cost
of producing a specific product in one country accurately reflects that cost in
the other country.  The current practice of comparing GNP figures and overall
economic structure has two inherent flaws.  n49 First, the problems which exist
is using nonmarket economy prices at the specific sector level logically also
exist at the general economy level.  Second, this practice ignores the
possibility that the specific sector in question in the nonmarket economy could
be at a much higher level of economic development than the rest of the country.
Indeed, the state will often concentrate resources in a particular export
industry to increase its hard currency reserves.  Consequently, focusing on
general economy figures in evaluating a potential surrogate country invites
errors.  Although cost adjustments are allowed to compensate for differences
between the nonmarket economy and the chosen surrogate, these adjustments will
fail to achieve complete comparability because all prices and costs set within
the nonmarket economy are by definition unreliable.  n50 It is not possible to
calculate accurately a "difference" between two economies when the nonmarket
economy is based upon unmeasurable prices and costs.

   Even if an appropriate surrogate country could be selected, procedural
obstacles remain.  First, the surrogate country's government must give
permission to the United States government to ask the foreign producers to
provide Commerce with their confidential business  [*714]  data.  n51 Second,
the producers themselves must be willing to provide such data.  n52 Obtaining
cooperation from the producers in the surrogate country is the more difficult
problem.  n53 This reluctance stems from the fact that the producers expose
themselves to high risk and expense and receive little benefit in return for
their cooperation.  The risk is that Commerce may use the surrogate producer's
information against it in a later antidumping proceeding.  Such was the case in
Carbon Steel Plate from Finland.  n54 Several years after the United States
obtained Finland's cooperation, United States Steel filed a petition against
Finnish producers, using some of the data from their previous responses.  In
recent years, most surrogate producers have refused to cooperate.  As a result,
Commerce has had to rely on alternative, and sometimes inaccurate, data in
making its determinations.  n55

   These difficulties create uncertainty and unpredictability for both the
United States petitioner and the nonmarket economy respondent.  The petitioner
cannot estimate the strength of its case.  The nonmarket economy producers
cannot determine whether they are dumping nor can they modify their export
practices to avoid charges of dumping.  Uncertainties arise because neither side
can predict which country will be chosen by Commerce and which producers, if
any, will be willing to provide the necessary data.  These problems are very
significant because the choice of surrogate country can affect the outcome of
the case by as much as 100 percent.  n56

   The above uncertainties also increase the expense of bringing an action.  In
a case involving hypothetical constructed value, only the wealthiest petitioners
can afford the expense of investigating the nonmarket economy exporter's
production resources and the valuation of those resources in several potential
surrogate countries.  n57 An array of countries must be considered because the
actual surrogate country is not known until well into the petitioning process.

    [*715]  B.  Market Disruption Caused by Imports

   1.  Statutory Text

   Section 406 of the 1974 Trade Act  n58 addresses market disruptions caused by
imports from Communist  n59 countries.  Because this section creates an
injury-based action, pricing at less than fair value does not need to be proven
to establish the right to a remedy.  Market disruption is defined to exist
whenever: (1) imports of an article are increasing rapidly, either absolutely or
relatively; (2) the domestic industry producing an article like or in direct
competition with the imported article is materially injured or threatened with
material injury; and (3) the rapidly increasing imports are a significant cause
of the material injury or threat to the particular domestic industry.  n60

   If the International Trade Commission finds that rapidly increasing imports
from Communist countries are causing material injury to the relevant domestic
industry, the ITC recommends import relief.  n61 The President then has the
option of imposing tariffs, quotas, or other restrictions on the Communist
imports.  n62

   The purpose of section 406 is to provide relief for United States industries
which might be injured as a result of rapidly increasing imports from Communist
countries with most favored nation status.  n63 However, section 406 relief can
be made available against the imports from any Communist country regardless of
its status.  Because  [*716]  the economies of Communist countries are
state-controlled, section 406 recognizes the possibility that these countries
could deliberately flood the United States market with their exports within a
shorter period of time than could a free market exporter.  n64

   2.  Problems in Implementation

   At the time of the 1986 Senate hearings on nonmarket economy dumping, the ITC
had conducted only ten section 406 investigations in the twelve years of the
provision's existence.  n65 Of these ten investigations, the ITC made an
affirmative determination in only two cases, was equally divided in a third
case, and made negative determinations in the remaining seven cases.  n66 In
none of the three cases in which the ITC made positive or neutral determinations
did the President provide relief.  n67 Thus section 406 has had no apparent
impact on imports from nonmarket economy countries.

   This result may be attributed to two factors.  First, trade with Communist
countries has not expanded at the rate envisioned by the creators of section
406.  n68 Second, most Communist country imports are raw materials which are not
directly competitive with United States domestic industry.  n69 Thus there is
usually no injury.  Injury is also avoided by the tariff schedules of the United
States, which effectively discourage imports of articles which are directly
competitive with United States domestic articles.  n70 As these factors show,
section 406's insignificant impact may be due more to a lack of appropriate
cases than to the section's ineffectiveness.

   However, section 406 has been criticized because it allows the President to
have complete discretion over providing relief,  n71 and the President may
exercise this discretion for political as well as economic reasons.  This
problem was evident in the Presidential response to alleged dumping of anhydrous
ammonia by the U.S.S.R.  n72 The ITC found that market disruption existed and
recommended that the President impose a quota.  President Carter, however,
declined to grant relief because it was not in the "national economic  [*717]
interest."  n73 At the time, the United States was seeking detente with the
U.S.S.R., but within a month the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan.  In response,
President Carter imposed a temporary quota on ammonia imports from the U.S.S.R.
and requested the ITC to conduct a new section 406 investigation on essentially
the original facts.  n74 The ITC's membership had changed in the meantime, and,
contrary to Carter's expectations, it now made a negative determination and
terminated the import quota.  n75 Political concerns clearly dominated the
handling of this case.  As Carter's initial denial demonstrated, meeting the
material economic injury requirement did not necessarily result in relief.

   Another criticism leveled at section 406 is that its lack of specifically
defined standards has an inhibitory effect on United States importers who are
unable to determine whether their transactions with nonmarket economy countries
comply with United States trade laws.  Although an importer may take
precautions, such as selling its product at or above the United States prices
for similar products, the ITC may deem that the imports meet the three
requirements for market disruption.  This uncertainty deters United States
importers from participating in legitimate transactions with nonmarket economy
countries.

   III.  PROPOSED SOLUTIONS TO CURRENT PROBLEMS

   A.  The Benchmark Approach

   The current surrogate approach is ineffective and is in need of reform.  The
most commonly suggested alternative approach for determining foreign market
value equates foreign market value with a benchmark based on import prices for
that same product from other countries to the United States.  In 1987, three
alternatives were proposed to Congress.

   1.  The Proposed Benchmarks

   One proposal is offered within the Heinz bill.  n76 This benchmark  [*718]
sets the foreign market value of the product at the average price of like
products imported from the highest volume market economy producer, excluding
United States producers and those other producers who may be dumping or
benefiting from subsidies.  n77 If the ITA determines that there is no eligible
market economy country, the foreign market value of the merchandise shall be the
constructed value of comparable merchandise in any country other than a
nonmarket economy country.  n78

   A second possible benchmark has been proposed by the Administration.  The
Administration's bill sets the foreign market value of the product at the lowest
average import price of all eligible market economy importers.  n79 In
determining whether a market economy  [*719]  country is eligible, Commerce
would consider such factors as the levels of imports of the merchandise
comparable to the product in question from that country, and whether that
merchandise is subject to any antidumping or countervailing duty orders,
suspension agreements or any international agreements which might affect its
price.  n80

   Commerce would select for its benchmark the eligible market economy country
that has the lowest of these average prices.  n81 Commerce could use two or more
eligible market economy countries to determine the benchmark if it concludes
that the volume of imports from one country would otherwise be insufficient.
n82 In addition, the Administration's bill contemplates situations where there
is no eligible market economy country.  In such circumstances, foreign market
value will be based on the constructed value in any country or countries other
than a nonmarket economy country.  n83

   A third possible benchmark method was proposed by Representative Schultze.
This method determines fair value by averaging all United States prices for
imports of the same product, excluding imports from other nonmarket economies
and imports which have been found to be dumped or subsidized.  n84

   2.  Evaluation of the Benchmark Approach

   The arguments in favor of the benchmark approach emphasize its certainty and
predictability.  The prices at which imports are coming into the United States
constitute known information.  n85 Thus both the nonmarket economy producers and
the United States importers can accurately determine the benchmark valuation and
engage in fair trade accordingly.

   Each of these three benchmark approaches would be easy to administer  [*720]
because they are all based on shipping and customs data that is already
available.  n86 All avoid the cumbersome and often fruitless search for a
comparably developed market economy country with a government and producers
willing to reveal their trade data to the United States government.  By tying
the benchmark price to the prices of other United States imports, these
approaches produce a price which is always close to existing import prices from
market economy countries and thus is arguably fair as well.

   Arguments against the benchmark approaches are made by both nonmarket economy
producers and United States domestic industry.  The nonmarket economy producers
contend that the benchmark approach would effectively freeze new nonmarket
economy products out of the United States market; they claim that for a new
product to compete, it must be priced lower than any other products of its kind
currently on the market.  n87 The benchmark approach would necessarily preclude
this competitive pricing.

   The benchmark approach would deny nonmarket economy countries any comparative
advantage.  n88 It assumes that nonmarket economy producers are never the most
efficient producers of a given product.  Even if a nonmarket economy country
were pricing its products fairly and according to its production costs, if the
price was below the benchmark price, the product might be subject to antidumping
proceedings.  This would make it difficult for any nonmarket economy to gain a
meaningful market share for many of its exports to the United States.  Thus, the
benchmark approach may interfere with a basic principle of international trade,
which is that the nation with the comparative advantage in the production of a
particular good should specialize in exporting it to other nations.

   United States domestic industry may also be discontented with the benchmark
approach because it assumes that the nonmarket economy producers of a particular
product are as efficient as the free market producers who sell the same product
at the benchmark price.  n89 In actuality, the cost for the nonmarket economy
producer may be higher than the benchmark price.  The benchmark approach may,
therefore, allow dumping in the truest sense of the term.  The United States
market could become a "safe harbor" for the dumping  [*721]  of nonmarket
economy products.  n90

   Thus, the benchmark approach discriminates against market producers whose
costs may be the same as nonmarket economy producers and above the benchmark
price.  n91 Although the nonmarket economy producers would be allowed to export
their goods to the United States at the benchmark price, the market producer
would not be allowed to sell the same goods at the benchmark price under the
antidumping provisions for market economies.  The market producers would be shut
out of the same market to which the nonmarket economy producer would have
access.

   B.  Representative Schultze's Section 406 Proposal

   1.  The Content of the Proposal

   In order to avoid the arguments against the benchmark approach, the section
406 approach  n92 rejects the necessity of determining LTFV and bases relief
solely on injury to United States domestic industry.  Representative Schultze's
bill, which has been incorporated into H.R. 3., amends the current section 406
of the Trade Act of 1974 by redefining "market disruption,"  n93 listing and
explaining specific factors for the ITC to consider in determining whether
market disruption exists,  n94 and restricting Presidential discretion both by
vesting the United States Trade Representative with greater authority  n95 and
by effectively requiring relief unless such relief would have a serious negative
impact on the United States economy.  n96 The last provision, which creates a
new subsection for section 406 of the Trade Act of 1974, states:

   (h) The Trade Representative may deny import relief with respect to imports
from a nonmarket economy country only if the provision of such relief would have
a serious negative impact on the domestic  [*722]  economy.

   The proposed definition of market disruption lowers the standards required to
find such disruption.  First, the imports in question need only be "increasing"
as opposed to "increasing rapidly."  n97 Second, the imports need only be an
"important cause"  n98 of material injury as opposed to a "significant cause."
n99 Thus, a finding of injury would be easier under this version of section 406.

   The proposal also embellishes the market disruption standard by specifying
the factors to be considered in a market disruption determination.  The factors
are:

   (1) the volume of imports of the merchandise which is the subject of the
investigation;

   (2) the effect of imports of the merchandise on prices in the United States
for like or directly competitive articles;

   (3) the impact of imports of such merchandise on domestic producers of like
or directly competitive articles; and

   (4) evidence of disruptive pricing practices, or other  n100 efforts to
unfairly manage trade patterns.

   The bill provides several considerations to be addressed in assessing these
factors.  First, the ITC is to consider whether the increase in the volume of
imports is significant.  n101 Second, the ITC is to consider whether there has
been significant price undercutting by the imports and whether the effect of the
imports significantly depresses prices or prevents price increases which would
otherwise have occurred.  n102 Third, the ITC is to evaluate all economic
factors which are relevant to the state of the industry, including:

   (i) actual and potential decline in output, sales, market share, profits,
productivity, return on investments, and utilization of capacity, (ii) factors
affecting domestic prices, and (iii) actual and potential negative effects on
cash flow, inventories, employment, wages, growth, ability to raise capital, and
investment.  n103

   Thus, economic rather than political considerations dominate the new proposed
section 406.

    [*723]  2.  Evaluation of the Section 406 Approach

   Proponents of the section 406 approach contend that it solves the problems of
the current allegedly impotent section 406.  The lower standards required for a
determination of material injury, the factors needed to make this determination
and the provision  n104 which essentially mandates relief unless such relief
would have a serious negative impact on the domestic economy make section 406 a
viable plan for protecting United States industry.

   The arguments in favor of the Schultze proposal are based on the premise that
antidumping provisions are wholly inappropriate for nonmarket economy imports
because prices by definition are never measurable in a true nonmarket economy.
n105 Therefore both the current surrogate country approach and the proposed
price benchmark approaches are unacceptable.  By a process of elimination, an
injury-based approach seems to be the best solution.  Thus, some proponents
contend that the antidumping provisions which address nonmarket economy
countries should be repealed as being unnecessary and illogical.  n106

   If proponents are correct in assuming that the subsection (h)  n107 language
requires drastically reduced executive discretion, the 406 proposal will indeed
have "bite." However, the question turns on the construction of the clause which
allows the Trade Representative to deny relief "if . . . such relief would have
a serious negative impact on the domestic economy."  n108 Opponents may argue
that this language creates such a problem of interpretation and application to
specific circumstances that it cannot be effectively implemented.  Given section
406's past ineffectiveness, resulting from the exercise of Presidential
discretion to attain political goals rather than the economic goal of
eliminating dumping, this new clause may be ineffective as well.  n109

   Even if the proposed section 406 is effective, opponents argue that it is an
inappropriate way to resolve the nonmarket economy dumping  [*724]  issue.  n110
They contend that Presidential discretion should not be curtailed precisely
because the proposal is solely injury-based and does not turn on the "fault" of
the nonmarket economy producers.  Although nonmarket economy producers are
engaging in fair trade practices, they might still be subject to sanctions under
section 406.  Such sanctions may disturb United States foreign policy interests
with the particular nonmarket economy country involved.  Additionally,
injury-only remedies are antithetical to accepted General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade ("GATT") principles.  n111

   Because the section 406 approach does not examine the actual costs of
producing the merchandise in question, it also may deny producers in nonmarket
economies any comparative advantage where the nonmarket economy is in fact
selling its goods to the United States at or above its home market value --
i.e., not dumping -- but is still injuring United States industry.  The section
406 approach could also discriminate against market economy producers in
situations where the nonmarket economy is in fact dumping but is not injuring
United States industry.  Thus, the section 406 approach is subject to fairness
criticisms similar to those leveled at the benchmark approach.  n112

   Finally, the factors which are to be considered in determining whether market
disruption exists may invite uncertainty.  Although they are more specific than
the currently vague section 406, they are difficult to evaluate and may create
other loopholes through which relief to United States industry may be denied.

   Some opponents go so far as to advocate the complete elimination of section
406  n113 and instead favor the use of the antidumping and countervailing duty
laws.  They would also favor, if necessary, the invocation of section 201  n114
and section 301  n115 of the 1974 Trade Act,  [*725]  which contain
discretionary remedies that can apply to any country.

   The current trade bill produced by the House, H.R. 3, retains the present
surrogate country approach and incorporates Rep.  Schultze's section 406
revision.  It also states that countervailing duty  n116 laws do apply to
nonmarket economy countries "provided that subsidies are identifiable and
measurable."  n117 This provision is a response to Georgetown Steel Corp. v.
United States,  n118 in which a court of appeals held that countervailing duty
laws do not apply to nonmarket economy countries.  Whether H.R. 3 overturns
Georgetown Steel  n119 is unclear given the difficulty of identifying and
measuring subsidies in nonmarket economy countries.  Thus the House trade bill
is confused and contradictory.  Because it leaves the current antidumping
provisions intact, it probably will have little effect in changing nonmarket
economy dumping relief despite an altered section 406.

   C.  The Committee for a Fair Trade with China Proposal

   1.  The Content of the Proposal

   The Committee for Fair Trade with China  n120 ("CFTC") proposal addresses the
preliminary issue of whether to treat the imports in question as being produced
by either a market economy or a nonmarket economy.  It also implicitly addresses
the question of whether the nonmarket economy should be evaluated at the
sectoral  [*726]  level or general economy level.  The CFTC proposal adopts a
three-category approach by creating a new category of exporting country called
"Planned Market Economy Countries."  n121 Such a country is defined as a nation
implementing economic reforms that will eventually enable the foreign country's
economy to operate as a market economy.  n122 Factors to be considered in
determining whether a nation qualifies are whether the nation (1) affords market
access to United States goods and services, (2) provides patent and copyright
protection and (3) is moving toward fulfilling GATT principles.  n123 Only
nonmarket economy countries are intended to be evaluated for the purpose of
determining whether they qualify for the planned market economy definition.
n124

   If it is determined that a country meets the planned market economy
requirements, it would be allowed at its option to prove to the ITA that the
price or cost of the import or components of the import being investigated were
established by market forces.  n125 The ITA is then required to substitute a
"representative world price"  n126 with respect to any component that was not
proven to be based upon market factors.  Following these adjustments, the
planned market economy would be subject to the normal market economy antidumping
laws.  If a planned market economy failed to provide adequate proof that the
relevant prices or costs were set by market forces, the regular nonmarket
economy laws would apply, whether they be the current surrogate approach, any of
the three benchmark approaches, or the Schultze section 406 proposal.

   Finally, the CFTC proposal extends the Georgetown Steel  n127 decision to
planned market economies by creating a provision which explicitly states that
countervailing duty laws shall not apply to any country determined to be a
planned market economy country by the ITA.  n128

   2.  Evaluation of the CFTC Proposal

   Those in favor of the CFTC proposal contend that its implementation  [*727]
will be politically advantageous for the United States.  n129 By creating the
new category of "planned market economy country,"  n130 the United States would
be recognizing the sweeping political reforms occurring in countries such as
China.  By giving nonmarket economy countries the opportunity to prove that
certain of their products have a market-driven price, the United States
supposedly encourages additional market-oriented reforms.  Such reforms are
politically beneficial to the United States because they create stronger ties
between the United States and planned-market economy countries while encouraging
them to move toward more market-driven practices.

   The proposal is very beneficial to planned economy countries because it
extends the Georgetown Steel  n131 ruling that countervailing duties do not
apply to nonmarket economy countries.  The planned market economy benefits in
two ways, it receives market economy antidumping treatment and it receives
nonmarket economy countervailing duty treatment.  Thus, its dumping margin would
be less than if it was treated as a nonmarket economy country and its exposure
to possible countervailing duties would be eliminated.  This elimination of
countervailing duties and the provision allowing the substitution of a
"representative world price" for any component of the product which was produced
under state-controlled prices and costs distinguish the CFTC proposal from other
proposals which allow a nonmarket economy to prove that its product was the
result of market-driven forces.  n132

   Proponents of the CFTC proposal contend that the above advantages can be
achieved without sacrificing the workability and predictability of the nonmarket
economy benchmark and section 406 proposals.  n133 The procedure of examining
the planned market economy's domestic industry to determine whether the price of
the planned market economy's product was established by market factors would
also be utilized by the Administration's benchmark proposal whenever a nonmarket
economy alleged that a particular sector of its economy was market-driven.  n134
This procedure is similar to the current process the ITA uses in determining the
existence and  [*728]  level of subsidies for countervailing duty purposes.
n135 The CFTC process can be further simplified by substituting one of the
benchmark prices discussed above in lieu of "representative world prices" for
any nonmarket-determined components in the planned market economy's product.
n136 Therefore, proponents claim that the CFTC proposal is workable and no less
predictable than other proposals.

   Proponents contend that the CFTC proposal is fair.  Communist  n137 countries
that are implementing economic reform deserve acknowledgement of their
accomplishments.  Protection from countervailing duties while getting market
dumping treatment is appropriate for these countries to help them overcome the
difficulties inherent in making the transition from nonmarket to market
economies.  Proponents also believe that the proposal is fair to United States
industries because they are still provided with procedures which can be used to
prohibit nonmarket and planned market economy dumping.  High standards of proof
could be required to validate a planned market economy's price based on its
costs.  Rep. Schultze's section 406 proposal  n138 could also be implemented to
protect United States industries.  Thus, the proponents contend that the CFTC
proposal is fair, workable and predictable.

   Opponents of the CFTC proposal argue that it is cumbersome rather than easily
workable.  Determining whether the cost of each component was established by
market factors promises to be a lengthy and tedious process.  Substituting a
"representative world price" for each nonmarket-determined component is also
awkward and reminiscent of the difficulties encountered in determining a
hypothetical constructed value.  n139 It also raises the difficult problem of
distinguishing between a nonmarket-produced good and a market-produced good.  If
half of the components are nonmarket-determined and the other half are
market-determined, is the product nonmarket or market?  Under the CFTC proposal
it appears that the product would be treated like a market economy product.
Indeed a planned market economy could argue that a product in which all
components except for one are nonmarket-determined is still within the scope of
planned market economy protection.  The process which allows substitution of a
representative world price for particular components introduces shades of gray
into the determination of whether the price of the product in question was
established by nonmarket or  [*729]  market forces.  It also discriminates
against countries designated as having nonmarket economies when their products
have the same number of market-produced components as those from countries
designated a having planned market economies.

   Opponents also contend that the planned market economy proposal is
unnecessary because the benchmark proposals allow for both an economic sector
and a general economy analysis to determine whether the product in question is
the result of nonmarket forces or market forces.  n140 Unlike the CFTC proposal,
n141 however, market-produced products would possibly be subject to
countervailing duties under the benchmark proposals.  Opponents of the CFTC
proposal contend that the benchmark result is appropriate because countries
deemed to have planned market economies should not be protected more than
countries deemed to have nonmarket or free market economies.  Indeed it creates
an incentive for a planned market economy to remain that way instead of moving
toward full-fledged market economy status.

   Finally, opponents argue that the initial determination of whether a country
has a planned market economy is troublesome.  The factors specified by the CFTC
proposal do not directly determine whether many of the country's products are
being priced through freely moving supply and demand forces.  n142 Although the
factors are favorable to U.S. exporters, they seem inappropriate as a measure of
whether the foreign economy is market-driven or state-controlled.  Instead they
invite politicization of the nonmarket dumping issue as nonmarket countries vie
for planned market economy status.  n143 The ITA is placed in the awkward
position of having to pick and choose among them based on vague and
inappropriate criteria.  The introduction of the planned market economy category
merely exacerbates the problems which already exist in determining whether a
country  [*730]  has a nonmarket economy or a market economy.

   IV.  RECOMMENDATION

   The problems of the current law of nonmarket economy dumping indicate that a
viable solution must meet certain criteria.  These criteria are:

   1) certainty and predictability,

   2) administrability, and

   3) fairness through accuracy and lack of politicization.

   The benchmark approach offers the best option in meeting these criteria.  It
is certain, predictable, and easy to administer because the benchmark is based
on market information that is readily available to nonmarket economy exporters,
United States importers, and United States domestic industry.  However,
supporters of the injury-based section 406 approach argue that the benchmark
approach fails the fairness criterion because it denies nonmarket economy
countries any actual comparative advantage and also because it assumes that the
nonmarket economy producers are as efficient as the free market producers who
sell the same product at the benchmark price.  n144 These criticisms, however,
could also apply to the section 406 approach in those situations where the
nonmarket economy is selling above home market value, but is nonetheless
injuring United States industry, or where the nonmarket economy is selling below
home market value but is not injuring United States industry.

   The benchmark approach is preferable to the section 406 approach because the
section 406 approach does not consider whether a nonmarket economy is selling
above or below home market value; the nonmarket economy has no opportunity to
show that it is engaging in fair trade practices with the United States.  The
section 406 approach is also less certain in application and less administrable
than the benchmark approach.  Although the section 406 proposal sets out
specific factors to be considered in determining market disruption, these
factors are difficult to evaluate and thus invite uncertainty.  The clause
allowing the United States Trade Representative to deny relief "if such relief
would have a serious negative impact on the domestic economy" further encourages
unpredictability and invites possible politicization of the issue.  For these
reasons, the benchmark approach is preferable to the section 406 approach.

    [*731]  Which benchmark should be utilized?  The primary criticism of the
Schultze benchmark is the difficulty of ensuring that the products in the
overall average price are truly comparable to the nonmarket economy product
under investigation.  If only one major producer's prices are used for the
benchmark, as in the Heinz and Administration proposals, it is much easier to
ensure that the products being compared are indeed similar.  However, the use of
only one producer to set the minimum price for imports has been criticized as
potentially creating an unfair standard because that one producer may be
unusually efficient and its low price may not accurately reflect fair value for
most other producers.  The Administration's benchmark provides for some
flexibility in choosing the one producer by examining all eligible market
economy importers and choosing the lowest price among them to use as the
benchmark value.  Although determining which countries are eligible may invite
arbitrariness, it has the advantage of not requiring reliance on a single
producer to determine an appropriate benchmark in a particular situation.  Thus,
the Administration's benchmark is the most desirable option.

   The final question to be addressed is the preliminary issue of whether to
treat a product under investigation as being the product of a market, nonmarket,
or planned market economy.  The two-category approach found in the
Administration's benchmark proposal is more desirable than the CFTC proposal's
three-category approach.  The addition of the planned market economy category
merely complicates the issue and invites politicization.  It is also unnecessary
because the Administration's benchmark proposal allows a Communist country to
prove that a particular sector of its general economy is market-driven.  Thus,
it takes into account the fact that Communist countries such as China and
Hungary are implementing economic reforms.

   In contrast, the CFTC approach unjustifiably favors the planned market
economy countries.  The CFTC approach of replacing the price of
nonmarket-determined components with a representative world price would be
difficult to implement.  The planned market economy's protection from
countervailing duties is excessively favorable and discourages planned market
economies from becoming fully free market economy countries.  Because the
Administration's benchmark proposal allows for a sectoral analysis in
determining whether a nonmarket economy product is the result of market or
nonmarket forces, nonmarket economy countries are encouraged to instill economic
reforms and thereby shift their exports into the free market category of
analysis under United States antidumping law.   [*732]  Thus the
Administration's benchmark proposal is the better solution.

   CONCLUSION

   The problem of nonmarket economy dumping of products in the United States to
the detriment of United States producers is one which has been grappled with,
but not yet resolved satisfactorily because of the difficulty in determining the
foreign market value of the product in question.  This difficulty is magnified
by the issue of whether the product is the result of a nonmarket or market
economy.

   Several solutions have been proposed to Congress to resolve these issues.
Although none of the solutions are perfect, the one which is the most
satisfactory is the Administration's proposal to use as a benchmark the lowest
price from all eligible market economy importers.  The proposal also retains the
current two-category characterization of the exporting country's economy (or
sector of production) as either nonmarket or market-based.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Healthcare LawActions Against FacilitiesEmergency Care NegligenceEmergency
Medical Treatment & Women in Active Labor ActInternational Trade LawFederal
LegislationInternational Trade LawImports & ExportsAntidumpingAntidumping
Legislation

FOOTNOTES:




n1  In this Note, the use of the term "nonmarket economy" instead of the term
"Communist" during the nonstatutory discussions herein reflects the emphasis on
the economic rather than political aspects of the countries discussed.  During
the discussion of the Committee for a Fair Trade with China proposal, see notes
120-38 and accompanying text, the term "Communist" is intended as a neutral
term, which does not invoke any of the three categories of economies (nonmarket,
market, and planned market) at issue.




n2  19 U.S.C. § 1673 (1982).




n3  Id.




n4  Id. § 1677a.




n5  Id. § 1677b.




n6  Id. § 1677b(1)(A).




n7  The nonmarket economy's price is determined by its government and therefore
may be artificially set at a lower price than the export price for the United
States, thereby avoiding any appearance of dumping while, in fact, dumping may
be occurring.




n8  Antidumping Act of 1921, ch. 14, §§ 201-212, 42 Stat. 11 (1921), repealed by
Trade Agreements Act of 1979, Pub. L. No. 96-39, 93 Stat. 144 (codified as
amended at 19 U.S.C. §§ 1673-1677 (1982 & Supp. III 1985)).




n9  Id.




n10  19 C.F.R. §§ 14.6-14.13 (1967).




n11  Bicycles from Czechoslovakia, 25 Fed. Reg. 6657 (1960).




n12  Fur Felt Hoods, Bodies, and Caps from Czechoslovakia, 27 Fed. Reg. 6099
(1962).




n13  Jalousie-Louvre-Sized Sheet Glass from Czechoslovakia, 27 Fed. Reg. 8457
(1962).




n14  Portland Cement from Poland, 28 Fed. Reg. 6660 (1963).




n15  Antidumping Act of 1921, ch. 14, § 203, 42 Stat. 11 (1921), repealed by
Trade Agreements Act of 1979, Pub. L. No. 96-39, 93 Stat. 144 (codified as
amended at 19 U.S.C. § 1675 (1982 & Supp. III 1985)).




n16  19 C.F.R. § 353.3(b) (1973).




n17  Trade Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-618, 88 Stat. 2043 (1978).




n18  Trade Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-618, § 321, 88 Stat. 2043 (1978)
(codified at 19 U.S.C. § 160 (1976)), repealed by Trade Agreements Act of 1979,
Pub. L.  96-39, 93 Stat. 193 (1980).




n19  C.F.R. § 353.3(b) (1973).




n20  Trade Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-618, § 406, 88 Stat. 2062 (1978)
(codified at 19 U.S.C. § 2436 (1976)). See infra notes 56-62 and accompanying
text.




n21  Electric Golf Cars from Poland, 40 Fed. Reg. 25,497 (1975).




n22  43 Fed. Reg. 35,263 (1978).




n23  19 U.S.C. §§ 1673-1677 (Supp. III 1985).




n24  See 43 Fed. Reg. 35,263 (1978).




n25  See supra note 18.




n26  S. REP. NO. 249, 96th Cong., 1st Sess. 96 (1978), reprinted in 1979 U.S.
CODE CONG. & ADMIN. NEWS 482.




n27  Natural Menthol from the People's Republic of China, 46 Fed. Reg. 3258
(Dep't Comm. 1981) (prelim. determination), 46 Fed. Reg. 24,614 (Dep't Comm.
1981) (final determination).




n28  Truck Trailer Axles from Hungary, 46 Fed. Reg. 46,152 (Dep't Comm.  1981)
(prelim.  determination).




n29  See Cuneo & Manuel, Roadblock to Trade: The State-Controlled Economy Issue
in Antidumping Law Administration, 5 FORDHAM INT'L L.J. 277, 304 (1982).




n30  Id.




n31  46 Fed. Reg. 46,152 (1981).




n32  Id. A major consideration was the fact that the Hungarian government
controls wage increases, capital financing, international transactions, and
high-level management.




n33  Petroleum Wax Candles from the People's Republic of China, 51 Fed. Reg.
6016 (Dep't Comm. 1986) (prelim. determination), 51 Fed. Reg. 25,085 (Dep't
Comm.  1986) (final determination).




n34  51 Fed. Reg. 25,085 (Dep't Comm. 1986) (final determination).




n35  Id.




n36  19 U.S.C. §§ 1673-1677 (Supp. III 1985).




n37  See 19 U.S.C. § 1673 (1982).




n38  See id. §§ 1677a, 1677b.




n39  Id. § 1673a(b)(2).




n40  Id. § 1673a.




n41  Id. § 1673.




n42  Id. § 1677b(c).




n43  Id.




n44  19 C.F.R. § 353.8(a) (1987).




n45  Id. § 353.8(b).




n46  Id.




n47  Id. § 353.8(c).




n48  40 Fed. Reg. 25,497 (1975).




n49  See Horlick & Shuman, Nonmarket Economy Trade and U.S.
Antidumping/Countervailing Duty Laws, 18 INT'L LAW.  820 (1984).




n50  See id. at 822.




n51  Id. at 821.




n52  Nonmarket Economy Dumping: Hearings on S. 1860 Before the Subcomm. on
International Trade of the Senate Comm. on Finance, 99th Cong., 1st Sess. 745
(1986) (statement of Gilbert Kaplan, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Import
Administration, International Trade Administration, Department of Commerce).




n53  Id.




n54  49 Fed. Reg. 8973 (1984).




n55  For example, in Chloropicrin from The People's Republic of China, 48 Fed.
Reg.  24,798 (Dep't Comm. 1983), Commerce was forced to use Japanese data from
the petition as the best information available even though it was explicitly
noted that such information was inappropriate as a basis for fair value.




n56  See Horlick & Shuman, supra note 49.




n57  Id. at 827.




n58  See Trade Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-618, § 406, 88 Stat. 2062 (1978)
(codified at 19 U.S.C. § 2436 (1982)). Section 406 is roughly analogous to
section 201 of the same act, 19 U.S.C. § 2251 (1976). Section 201 is an "escape
clause" provision, designed to provide for import relief from all countries
whether they have nonmarket or market economies.  Procedures for securing relief
under section 406 are similar to those under section 201.  However, the market
disruption test of section 406 is intended to be more easily met than the import
relief test of section 201.  See Nonmarket Economy Dumping: Hearings on S. 1860
Before the Subcomm. on International Trade of the Senate Comm. on Finance, 99th
Cong., 1st Sess. 745 (1986) (statement of Dr. Paula Stern, Chairwoman of the
U.S. International Trade Commission).




n59  The statute uses the term "Communist" as opposed to "nonmarket economy."
Section 406(e) defines "Communist country" as "any country dominated or
controlled by Communism." 19 U.S.C. § 2436 (e)(1) (1979).




n60  Id. § 2436(e)(2) (1979).




n61  Id. § 2436(a)(3).




n62  Id. § 2436(b).




n63  Nonmarket Economy Dumping: Hearings on S. 1869 Before the Subcomm. on
International Trade of the Senate Comm. on Finance, 99th Cong., 1st Sess. 745
(1986) (statement of Dr. Paula Stern, Chairwoman of the U.S. International Trade
Commission).




n64  Id.




n65  Id.




n66  Id.




n67  Id.




n68  Id.




n69  Id.




n70  Id.




n71  Horlick & Shuman, supra note 49, at 827.




n72  44 Fed. Reg. 71,809 (1979).




n73  Id.




n74  Proclamation No. 4614, 45 Fed. Reg. 3875 (1980).




n75  Anhydrous Ammonia from the U.S.S.R.; Report to the President, 45 Fed.  Reg.
27,570 (1980). Anhydrous Ammonia from the U.S.S.R.; Discontinuation of Temporary
Restraints on Imports, 45 Fed. Reg. 28,847 (1980).




n76  This proposal may be found in the "Omnibus Trade Act of 1987," which is
currently under consideration in the U.S. Senate.  The provision establishing
the benchmark is excerpted below:

   (a) IN GENERAL - Subsection (c) of section 773 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19
U.S.C. 1677b) is amended to read as follows:

   (c) NONMARKET ECONOMY COUNTRIES. --

   (1) IN GENERAL -- If --

   (A) the merchandise under investigation is exported from a nonmarket economy
country, and

   (B) the administering authority finds that the information submitted by such
country does not permit the foreign market value of the merchandise to be
accurately determined under subsection (a), the administering authority shall
determine the foreign market value of the merchandise on the basis of the
trade-weighted average price at which comparable merchandise, produced by the
eligible market economy country with the largest volume sales in the United
States of the comparable merchandise is sold at arms length in the United States
during the most recent period for which sufficient information is available.

   S. 490, 100th Cong., 1st Sess. § 315(a) (1987).




n77  Id.




n78  Id. § 315(a)(2).  The bill also provides a special rule for fungible
products in which the foreign market value of such products shall be determined
from the factors of production incurred in producing the merchandise.  The
factors shall be valued by using the best available evidence in a market economy
or economies deemed to be appropriate by the ITA, to which shall be added an
amount for general expenses and profit plus the cost of containers, coverings
and other expenses.  Id. § 315(a)(3).




n79  SEC. 5008.  (a) TRADE REMEDY FOR IMPORTS FROM NONMARKET COUNTRIES. --

   (1) IN GENERAL. -- Subsection (c) of section 773 of the Tariff Act of 1930
(19 U.S.C. 1677b) is amended to read as follows:

   (c) NONMARKET ECONOMY COUNTRIES. --

   (1) IN GENERAL -- If the administering authority determines that the economy
of the country from which the merchandise is exported is State-controlled to an
extent that sales or offers of sales of such or similar merchandise in that
country do not permit a determination of foreign market value under subsection
(a), the administering authority shall determine the foreign market value of the
merchandise on the basis of the price, determined in accordance with subsection
(a) of this section, at which comparable merchandise is sold at arm's length in
the United States by the eligible market economy country with the lowest import
price into the United States.

   S. 539, 100th Cong., 1st Sess. § 5008(a)(1) (1987).




n80  Id. § 5008(a)(2).




n81  Id.




n82  Id. § 5008(a)(1).




n83  Id. § 5008(a)(2).




n84  This proposal was considered before the House of Representatives but was
not incorporated into H.R. 3; the House rejected the benchmark approach
altogether.




n85  Nonmarket Economy Dumping: Hearings on S. 1860 Before the Subcomm.  on
International Trade of the Senate Comm. on Finance, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 745
(1986).




n86  Id.




n87  Letter from Edward W. Furia, Co-chairman of the Committee for a Fair Trade
with China, to Sam M. Gibbons, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Ways and Means
(Mar. 11, 1987)(discussing the CFTC proposal).




n88  Horlick & Shuman, supra note 49, at 836.




n89  Id. at 835.




n90  Id.




n91  Id. at 818.




n92  H.R. 3, 100th Cong., 1st Sess. § 124 (1987).




n93 ( f)(1) For purposes of this section, market disruption exists within a
domestic industry whenever an article is being imported into the United States
in such increased quantities (either absolutely or relatively) as to be an
important cause of material injury or the threat thereof, to the domestic
industry providing an article like or directly competitive with the imported
article.

   Id. § 124(3).




n94  Id. § 124(3).




n95  Id. § 124(1).




n96  Id. § 124(3).




n97  See supra note 93.




n98  Id.




n99  Id.




n100  H.R. 3, 100th Cong., 1st Sess. § 124 (1987).




n101  Id. § 124(3).




n102  Id.




n103  Id.




n104  Id. § 124(3).




n105  See supra note 7.




n106  Nonmarket Economy Dumping: Hearings on S. 1860 Before the Subcomm. on
International Trade of the Senate Comm. on Finance, 99th Cong., 1st Sess. 745
(1986)(statement of Arthur T. Downey, Chairman of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's
Task Force on Trade with the Nonmarket Economies).




n107  See supra note 96 and accompanying text.




n108  Id.




n109  See supra notes 71-75 and accompanying text.




n110  Telephone interview with Susan Haggerty, International Trade Commission
(Apr. 7, 1987).




n111  Nonmarket Economy Dumping: Hearings on S. 1860 Before the Subcomm. on
International Trade of the Senate Comm. on Finance, 99th Cong., 1st Sess. 745
(1986).




N112  See supra notes 87-91 and accompanying text.




n113  Nonmarket Economy Dumping: Hearings on S. 1860 Before the Subcomm.  on
International Trade of the Senate Comm. on Finance, 99th Cong., 1st Sess. 745
(1986) (statement of Richard O. Cunningham).




n114  See supra note 59 and accompanying text.




n115  Trade Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-618, § 1, 88 Stat. 1980 (1975) (codified
at 19 U.S.C. § 2411 (1982)).

   Section 301 (Presidential Action against Unjustifiable Foreign Trade
Practices) may be invoked by the President if he determines that retaliatory
action by the United States is appropriate (1) to enforce the rights of the
United States under any trade agreement; or (2) to respond to any act, policy,
or practice of a foreign country or instrumentality that (a) is inconsistent
with the provisions of, or otherwise denies benefits to the United States under
any trade agreement, or (b) is unjustifiable, unreasonable, or discriminatory
and burdens or restricts United States commerce -- the Trade Agreements Act of
1979 mandates that the President take appropriate steps to enforce such rights
or obtain the elimination of such act, policy, or practice.  The President has
virtually complete discretion as to whether or not to retaliate under these
provisions.




n116  For a discussion of the applicability of the countervailing duty laws to
nonmarket economies, see Note, The Applicability of the United States
Countervailing Duty Law to Imports from Nonmarket Economy Countries, 9 FORDHAM
INT'L.  L.J. 596 (1986).




n117  H.R. 3, 100th Cong., 1st Sess. § 157 (1987).




n118  Georgetown Steel Corp. v. United States, 801 F.2d 1308 (Fed. Cir. 1986).




n119  Id.




n120  The Committee for a Fair Trade with China is a group of American
corporations which is seeking Congressional and Administrative approval for
trade policies and regulations to encourage greater two-way trade between the
United States and China.




n121  Committee for a Fair Trade with China, Proposal for a Bill (Mar. 6, 1987).




n122  Id.




n123  Id.




n124  Committee for a Fair Trade with China, Section-By-Section Analysis of CFTC
Proposed Bill (Mar. 6, 1987).




n125  Id.




n126  See supra note 121.




n127  Georgetown Steel Corp. v. United States, 801 F.2d 1308 (Fed. Cir.  1986).




n128  Id.




n129  See supra note 87.




n130  See supra note 121.




n131  Georgetown Steel Corp. v. United States, 801 F.2d 1308 (Fed. Cir.  1986).




n132  See infra note 140 and accompanying text.




n133  See supra note 87.




n134  Id.




n135  Id.




n136  Id.




n137  See supra note 1.




n138  See supra notes 92-103 and accompanying text.




n139  See supra notes 49-57 and accompanying text.




n140  133 CONG. REC. S1894 (daily ed. Feb. 5, 1987) (statement of Mr.  Heinz).
"[T]he nonmarket economy would be treated 'normally' if it is able to provide
sufficient and verifiable information to justify doing so." 133 CONG. REC. S2157
(daily ed.  Feb. 19, 1987) (section-by-section analysis of the Trade,
Employment, and Productivity Act of 1987) "Proposed section 773(c)(1) would
permit the Department to consider particular industries within a nonmarket
economy country governed by market forces to an extent that it would be
appropriate to address dumping from those industries under the Department's
normal methodology rather than under this nonmarket economy methodology."




n141  This assumes that Georgetown Steel Corp. v. United States, 801 F.2d 1308
(Fed.  Cir. 1986), is not overturned by Congressional legislation.




n142  See supra note 7.




n143  See supra note 110.




n144  The comparative advantage criticism could be remedied by allowing the
nonmarket economy to prove through constructed value that it is the most
efficient producer.  See Cuneo & Manuel, supra note 29, at 316.


                              67 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 12, 2007 Tuesday

Afghan paper says free market economy failing due to lack of plan

LENGTH: 793 words


Text of article by Qasem Qamus in Dari entitled: "Afghanistan stuck between
government and a free market economy", published by Afghan newspaper Daily
Afghanistan on 9 June

Following the Bonn Conference, Afghanistan entered the free market economy. The
disagreements expressed by critics of the free market economy didn't prove
effective and its advocates, without paying heed to warnings, speedily
introduced this economy. At the outset, it was expected that the government
would remove all the obstacles facing the free market economy and with the
support of international community, especially with the donor countries, it
would help the reconstruction and renovation of the country and revive the
ailing economy of this war-shattered country.

It has been five years since the free market economy was imposed on Afghanistan
and none of the slogans of the free market economy are heard now. Even those who
were advocates of this economy now seem disappointed.

Critics of the free market economy for Afghanistan see a lack of any kind of
possible competition with neighbouring regional countries which they term as a
disaster for Afghanistan's ailing economy.

Over the past five years, we have witnessed a considerable increase in the
presence of Afghanistan at foreign economic conferences but these have not
helped Afghanistan's economy even a little. Even membership in SAARC (South
Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) cannot be counted as helping
Afghanistan. Unless we have a plan to change and improve the economy, the
opening of Afghanistan's doors for foreign products, especially those of SAARC
member countries, combined with the lack of exports, cannot be counted as a
success. We are becoming a failing, "victim member" of this regional
association.

"Enabling Environment" was the title of a conference held on 4 June in Kabul
aimed at effective participation of the private sector in the economic growth
and reconstruction of Afghanistan. This two-day conference was hosted by
Afghanistan with the participation of Aga Khan Development Network, the World
Bank and the UNDP.

Finding better ways for private sector investment to play an important role in
the economic growth and reconstruction of Afghanistan were the issues suggested
by the participants of the conference.

We have witnessed such conferences many times both inside and outside
Afghanistan over the past five years. However, less attention has been paid on
what these conferences has achieved. When there is no scheme for economic
growth, the holding of conferences is nothing but a waste of money.

Taking a look at the current consumption market of Afghanistan, we can see that
the achievement of the private sector has been very meagre over the past five
years. Low-quality foreign goods have monopolized Afghanistan's markets in the
absence of a lack of local products and quality competitors.

Five years after the introduction of the free market to Afghanistan, what are
the backers of the economy saying now? The one possible achievement which they
are talking about is the domination of Afghanistan's consumption market by
foreign goods.

So, the introduction of free market economy in Afghanistan has not proved
positive and the issue has just remained as an economic slogan. The introduction
of the free market has on the one hand forced the government economy to collapse
and on the other hand has made the economy of the country become stuck between a
government and a free economy due to the lack of a comprehensive plan.

The import of foreign goods without any criterion or customs law and without
taking into consideration the market requirements has put an end to the little
competition that did exist between paltry local products and similar foreign
goods. The continuation of this situation will have no positive effect on
Afghanistan's economy.

Making the private sector economy flourish is the only program that should be
followed consistently by economic officials of the country. As the free market
economy has been approved for the country as an economic symbol, it should be
seriously pursued by the economists so that its success, if any, becomes
visible.

When the free market economy was introduced by local and foreign economic
officials, the government economy damaged during war was completely annihilated.
Now, what plans should be devised so that the free market economy does not face
the destiny of government economy? What plans does the Economy Ministry, as one
of the credible economic organs of Afghanistan, have in hand for the economic
growth of the country? Strengthening the private sector in both quality and
quantity is one solution for growth that  economists should not ignore.

Source: Daily Afghanistan, Kabul, in Dari and Pashto 9 Jun 07, p 2

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    February 3, 2003 Monday National Edition

Tax cuts won't solve growing underground economy: study: $44B per year in
revenue lost, experts estimate

SOURCE: Southam News

BYLINE: Eric Beauchesne

SECTION: Canada; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA

OTTAWA - Recent tax cuts may have been too little too late to wean cheats off an
underground economy that, fed by two decades of tax increases, has ballooned to
the size of the economies of British Columbia and Saskatchewan combined.

While higher taxes drive people into the underground economy, lower taxes won't
necessarily lure them back into the above-ground economy, say tax specialists,
including the author of a major study into the problem.

Tax cheaters may have become too comfortable in the simpler and more lucrative
hidden economy, said Lindsay Tedds, co-author of Taxes and the Canadian
Underground Economy.

The study estimates the underground economy had grown to nearly 16% of the
above-ground economy by the mid-1990s from 3.5% in the early 1970s. That would
suggest that $130-billion a year in income from both legal and illegal
activities was being hidden from Canadian governments and not taxed, costing
them $44-billion a year in lost revenues.

"One of the authors' principal findings is that there is a strong association
between increases in effective tax rates and increases in the size of the
underground economy," noted a summary of the study's findings in the latest
edition of the Canadian Tax Journal, published by the Canadian Tax Foundation,
an industry research organization.

The reverse, however, is not necessarily the case, Ms. Tedds said this week.

"The period of high taxation drives people into the underground economy where
they establish close relationships and social networks between other people who
are active in the underground economy," she said. "In addition, the profits are
higher and the investments in real and human capital are lower in the
underground economy. "As a result, once they become active in the hidden sector,
there is little incentive to transfer back to the observed economy, even over
the long run," she said.

"This implies that major tax reforms may only be able to stabilize the size of
the underground economy, rather than shrink it," she said, adding further
research will be needed to see what, if any, impact the tax cuts by Ottawa and
the provinces have had on the underground economy.

David Perry, economist with the Canadian Tax Foundation, disagreed in part.

"If you see a reduction in tax rates you should see a reduction in the size of
the underground economy," he said.

"The rewards for cheating are less because tax rates are less."

He agreed, however, that recent tax cuts may not have been enough to shrink the
underground economy, in part because the study also found that economic growth
in the above-ground economy feeds growth in the underground economy.

"There's a sort of direct relationship there that could overpower the reduction
in taxes," Mr. Perry said.

He also noted that about half of the $130-billion-a-year estimate for the size
of the underground economy comes from illegal activity.

Unlike the unreported income from legal activities, the illegal portion would
not be reduced by lower taxes.

"That's the sort of potential tax revenue that you'll never get," Mr. Perry
said.

But criminal activity aside, Ms. Tedds said people engage and remain in the
underground economy for a variety of reasons.

"Other issues, such as the regulatory burden, indirect taxation [such as the
GST], perceived fairness of the tax system, social security contributions,
payroll taxes, and enforcement also affect a person's decision to participate in
and/or remain in the underground economy," she said. "As a result, a change in
just one factor that drives this sector may not have much of an impact.

"A government aiming to decrease underground economic activity has to first and
foremost analyze the complex and frequently contradictory relationships," she
said.

And they haven't, added Mr. Perry. "Governments have done little else in the way
of adjusting policies to tackle the underground economy, other than step up
enforcement in recent years" he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                August 26, 2000

Graduates hold the key in management of New Economy

BYLINE: By Dr Azmi Hassan

SECTION: Saturday forum; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 534 words


AUGUST and September are special months to university graduates since it
is time for recognition. The special occasion comes under various names
such as convocation, graduation ceremony or commencement.

It is the culminating event of an academic career. It marks the end of
an academic journey and signals the start of a journey in new directions
toward new accomplishments.

Like any other universities, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia just held its
25th convocation last week. This year, UTM is producing more than 6,000
graduates in the various fields of study such as science, engineering and
technology.

Their fields of expertise range from the more familiar civil engineering
to the more illustrious aeronautics engineering.

As said by the Chancellor, Sultanah Zanariah Tunku Ahmad, the graduates
were bestowed the honours as a mark of recognition for their outstanding
contribution to the development of the nation.

It is a special day indeed for these new graduates because Malaysia has
just rebounded from the economic crisis. Science, engineering and
information technology graduates are stepping out of university and going
straight into a strong job market which has a tremendous demand for their
skills - thanks to the strong, surging economy.

But these graduates are facing new challenges compared to their
counterparts a decade ago. In today's so-called New Economy, change is
taking place at a furious pace.

Graduates now must understand a broad range of cultural perspectives and
new economic issues to achieve success.

The world's economy is undergoing a fundamental transformation where
revolutionary technological advances such as powerful personal computers,
high-speed telecommunications and the Internet are making their presence
felt.

This economic transformation in the last decade has been variously
labelled as the "information economy", "network economy", "globalisation",
"digital economy", "knowledge economy" and the "risk society". Together,
the whole package is often simply referred to as the "New Economy".

During the presentation of the 2000 Budget, Finance Minister Tun Daim
Zainuddin made a policy statement on the need for a paradigm shift from a
production-, services- and agricultural-based economy to a knowledge-based
economy.

From the policy statement came the formulation of the national k-economy
Master Plan and the first draft should be ready by the end of this year.
The Master Plan is to facilitate the country's transformation into a
highly competitive and resilient economy.

We are not abandoning our agriculture-, production- or services-based
economy in pursuit of knowledge-based economy. For the agriculture-
,production- or services-based economy to survive under the New Economy
regime, the modus operandi of the "old economy" regime needs to be
upgraded. This is where the k-based economy comes into action.

The New Economy has changed how businesses are conducted and the new
rules of the game require speed, flexibility and innovation.

Thus, new graduates have to adapt to this new scenario. They hold the
key.

Centre For Technology Policy & International Studies
UTM, Skudai


LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2000 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              70 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 8, 1992 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

THE FRAGMENTATION OF THE GLOBAL ECONOMY

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Leaders; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1118 words


GREATER convergence of world financial markets was supposed to be one of the
principal benefits of the globilisation process throughout the 1980s. As the
world's leading economies became more integrated, national financial
self-interest would be gradually eclipsed by increased international economic
co-operation. At least that is how the international economy looked six years
ago when the finance ministers of the world financial superpowers met at New
York's Plaza Hotel to stage-manage a fall in the US dollar.

As little as two years ago, the world economy appeared to be becoming more
intertwined with interest rates almost moving in global unison. However, this
spirit of co-operation seems to have all but vanished with the money markets
entering another year with fragmentation and national interest as the main
driving forces behind developments in the world financial order.

Interest rates have been moving in different directions for more than a year but
in line with the prevailing internal economic conditions of the world's major
economies - the US, Japan and Germany.

As a result, diverging interest rates have become virtually the principal
guiding force determining the direction of the world's money markets and major
currencies. Until recently it has suited the leading players to have interest
rates moving in different directions, no matter how much the smaller national
economies may have been squeezed by the financial superpowers' muscle-flexing

In the US, it was hoped that paring back interest rates virtually to their
minimum might finally lift the country's economy out of its gloom and force it
on to a path towards recovery. In Japan lower interest rates have been seen as
acting to guard against any sharp downturn in the Japanese economy.

An opposite picture emerged in Germany, where interest rates have now been
pushed to their highest level in the country's post-war economic history. The
high interest rate regime is bearing down on the inflation caused by the
overheating of the German economy following unification and is therefore also
warding off potentially large wage settlements.

But Germany's view of its own economy contrasts markedly with the rising concern
throughout the rest of the European Community about the generally weak state of
the economies of individual member countries.

The crosscurrents generated in the money markets by the conflicting demands of
the leading economies were of considerable convenience to the leading economies,
notably Germany and the US. One result of the contradiction in the world markets
over interest rates has been a lower US dollar, for example.

Despite the inflationary problems this poses, the weakening of the US currency
has not upset the Americans. By increasing US competitiveness it gave added
force to Washington's attempts to kick-start the limp US economy, while a strong
deutschemark acted to undercut inflationary pressures in the German economy.

But the atmosphere has now changed, largely a result of the decision just before
Christmas by Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, again to push up domestic
rates. This served to highlight how fragile and delicately balanced the
international economy had become. The advantages of contradictory interest rate
regimes were becoming less clear.

The Bundesbank's most recent rate increase gave Germany's European partners less
room to manoeuvre in their attempts to shake off recession. The Bundesbank move
is now also raising the spectre of a major slump in the German economy - the
traditional locomotive of the European economy.

The German bank's move also highlighted the failure of the Americans to deliver
a sustained improvement in their economy to help lift the world economy out of
the doldrums. A divergence of interest rates may have initially produced
benefits for Germany and the US. But the markets are now calculating a new, and
more bearish contingency: that a continuing lack of synchronisation between the
national macro-economic fortunes of the principal world economies will further
extend the international recession.

A feature of previous world economic downturns was that as the economies of both
Japan and western Europe began to slow down, the so-called Anglo-Saxon
economies, led by the US, were on the way up again.

Now all the major economies have weakened at much the same time and there is
still no sign of any sustained positive impulse.

The stream of dismal economic figures out of the US has thrown Germany's
economic strategy off course, opening up the possibility of Germany leading a
further contraction in economic conditions across Europe.

By the beginning of this year, according to Germany's original forecasts, the US
economy would be on the way up. This would coincide with a falling off in
domestic German demand caused by unification and the rebuilding of the former
communist part of the country. The US dollar would rise and the mark would fall.
As a consequence German export industries would begin to crank up again to fill
the gap in the national economy caused by the plateauing out in economic
activity.

However, the German economy is entering the new year with little immediate
prospect that higher US demand will boost German export earnings and with high
German rates further eroding domestic activity. With the exception of Britain,
all of the major economies of the European Community have followed the
Bundesbank's lead, further dampening EC economic conditions.

Meanwhile, a lower US dollar is eroding the international competitiveness of
non-US corporations and Japan is a relatively lacklustre economic performer.

The prospects for the world economy over the next six months are gloomy but
despite this there is little evidence of a return to world interest rate
convergence, given the parochial nature of recent Bundesbank decisions.

The Bundesbank's pre-Christmas decision to lift rates was taken against the
advice of both the bank's president, Mr Helmut Schlesinger, and his nominated
successor, his deputy, Mr Hans Tietmeyer.

The loss of two key officials on the bank's board of management has tilted it in
favour of the more provincial regional bank governors who remain deeply wedded
to the bank's guiding principal of independence. They have rarely displayed much
enthusiasm for the growing international implications of changes in the bank's
monetary policy.

This year's US presidential election makes a US recovery a virtual imperative
for the White House. But in Frankfurt the Bundesbank's council may not view
matters with the same urgency. A further round of high wage settlements and
another rise in inflation may be enough to see German monetary policy tightened
again, with little reference to external factors.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1992 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

[#x4fe1][#x606f][#x7ecf][#x6d4e] (xìnx[#x12b] j[#x12b]ngjì): Information economy

LENGTH: 336  words


The development of the information economy will promote the development of the
agricultural economy, industrial economy and service economy through
informatization.

The general offices of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the
State Council, China's Cabinet, jointly issued a document recently to promote
the healthy and orderly development of the mobile internet and enhance the
vitality of the information economy.

The information economy refers to a new type of economy based on modern
information technology and dominated by the information industry.

The development of the information economy will promote the development of the
agricultural economy, industrial economy and service economy through
informatization.

According to the document, the government should accelerate making policies for
the development of the information economy. The development of the mobile
internet should be incorporated into the deployment of national information
economy demonstration areas and the pilot programs for mobile internet advanced
technologies. Innovation should be encouraged and entrepreneurship and
innovation based on mobile internet technology should be supported in order to
facilitate economic transformation and upgrading.

The central government's Internet Plus action plan and the national big data
strategy should be implemented and deep integration between the mobile internet
and agriculture, industry and the service sector should be promoted, in order to
promote optimization of the distribution of resources and improve total factor
productivity.

Innovation of the development model of the information economy should be
encouraged and the supply of safe and quality mobile internet products, services
and content should be enhanced. New sharing economy businesses based on the
mobile internet and online payment should be cultivated and regulated, in order
to promote the rapid growth of information consumption and guarantee the healthy
and active development of information consumption market.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2017 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

UAE leads GCC's Islamic economy indicator

BYLINE: Babu Das Augustine, Banking Editor

LENGTH: 518 words


Islamic Economy emerges one of the fastest growing tranches of the global
economy

Babu Das Augustine, Banking Editor

Dubai: The UAE leads the GCC in the Global Islamic Economy Indicator (GIEI), a
numeric measure representing the overall health and growth of the Islamic
economy across 73 countries.

Globally Malaysia, UAE and Bahrain were at top three positions respectively in
the GIEI indicator and Islamic economy markets in 2016.

The State of the Global Islamic Economy Report (SGIE) and the Global Islamic
Economy Indicator (GIEI) 2016-2017 were released on Monday by Thomson Reuters
and Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre (DIEDC) in collaboration with
DinarStandard.

GIEI evaluated 73 countries including 57 OIC (Organisation of Islamic
Conference) countries and 16 non-OIC countries evaluating the Islamic economy
ecosystems based on supply and demand drivers relative to the size of the
country, governance, awareness and social considerations.

Globally, the UAE came second in the Global Islamic Economy Indicator score with
86 points behind Malaysia which scored 121 points. In Halal Food, Halal Travel,
Modest Fashion, Halal Media and Recreation and Halal Pharmaceuticals and
cosmetics, the UAE was ranked in number one position in the global top 10
ranking while in finance it came second after Malaysia.

"Relative to its size, the UAE has established a very healthy ecosystem for
Islamic economy companies. The strong government-led Islamic Economy development
initiatives have given the UAE a strong platform for Development of all Islamic
Economy sector," the report said.

The State of the Global Islamic Economy Report based on a survey of 172 industry
leaders estimates global Muslim spend across various sectors at over $1.9
trillion (Dh6.97 trillion) in 2015, while the Islamic Finance sector has around
$2 trillion in assets. "For the fourth consecutive year, the State of the Global
Islamic Economy Report presents new facts that further strengthen our conviction
in Islamic economy's ethical and regulatory framework and its ability to drive
global economic growth," said Abdulla Mohammad Al Awar, Chief Executive Officer
of Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre.

Businesses confirm that the aggregate Islamic Economy is a high-growth segment,
with 69 per cent considering sector performance to be good or excellent for
them, and 86 per cent of respondents either optimistic or very optimistic about
future prospects. Another initiative for this Report series has been the
millennial consumers' sentiment covering Islamic economy using social media data
analysis. From nearly half a million interactions analysed, 76 per cent of
sentiments were positive.

"Islamic Economy is one of the fastest growing tranches of the global economy.
The convergence between the Islamic economic sectors is strongly expected to
enhance the Islamic economy space going forward. This annual report is now a
point of reference for professionals and industry players looking at the current
and forecasted trends in this area," said Nadim Najjar, Managing Director,
Middle East and North Africa, Thomson Reuters.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2016 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            August 2, 2008 Saturday

Room to relax?

SECTION: TRAVEL; Other Stories; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1435 words


GO AIRLINES:Economy? First class? There are so many options that airfares can be
confusing. As one airline ups the luxury stakes with on-board showers,  Brian
O'Connellinvestigates what you get for your money

A FEW WEEKS AGO, about to board a Virgin flight from Johannesburg, I asked about
getting an aisle or a bulkhead seat. "Certainly," came the cheery response.
"That will be EUR 80 extra. How would you like to pay?"

The flight was at the end of a hellish 16-hour journey that had begun in
Mozambique, so, somewhat reluctantly, I coughed up the cash. I got extra legroom
and storage space, but that was about it. The other five passengers in the row
had also upgraded, all of us victims of the overclassification of airline
seating.

The standard seat, it seems, is not so standard any more, with airlines
redefining the types of seats we sit on, with significant effects on cost.

For the past decade airlines have been competing to provide the ultimate in
luxury, and yesterday Emirates won top place by becoming the first to offer spas
complete with showers and hairdrying facilities on its A380 superjumbo jets on
flights between New York and Dubai.

The two spas are for the convenience of passengers travelling in the aircrafts'
14 enclosed suites - return airfare $14,635.47 (EUR 9,390.66) - giving airline
travellers the closest experience yet to private jet travel.

Singapore Airlines introduced private cabins last year, much to the
embarrassment of stewards, who insisted that a no-sex policy come into force
after they entered suites with food and drinks only to find passengers in
flagrante.

Even for the thriftier passenger, airlines have developed a range of mid-price
privileges to make long-haul flying more comfortable - but even a few
centimetres of extra legroom comes with a price.

It's worth remembering that on the first transatlantic air service, using
airships in the late 1920s and 1930s, customers had just one class to choose
from: first. The facilities on each dirigible, which took 80 to 100 hours to fly
up to 20 passengers between Germany and the US, included staterooms, a dining
room, a lounge, a piano, an observation deck and a smoking room. Each passenger
paid $461 (EUR 295), or more than $4,500 (EUR 2,890) in today's terms, for a
one-way ticket.

The opulence didn't last too long. Once mass travel began to take hold, economy
class became the preferred option for the majority.

But has the airline industry come full circle with the redefinition of what
constitutes an "economy" seat? In recent years the growth of business class has
virtually made first class redundant, while a new class, premium economy, has
begun to bridge the gap between economy and business. Now even economy class has
layers of privilege - for which you will most likely pay extra. You are now
being asked to pay if you choose a front-row seat or any other seating
differentiation, says Mark Pilling, editor of Airline Business magazine. "You
pay to get off the planes first and, in some cases, you pay for speedy
boarding."

The size of an economy-class seat hasn't changed all that much. The seat pitch -
the distance from any point on your seat to the same point on the seat in front
or behind you - is normally 74cm (29in) on short-haul routes, moving up to 81cm
(32in) on long-haul routes.

What has changed in economy is the fact that. in many cases, you have to pay for
extras, including food and baggage.

Exit seats are slightly more convenient, but the seats are still the same size:
you just have more legroom. Premium, or enhanced, economy has become the
thriving new class in airline travel over the past 10 years, and some airlines,
such as Air New Zealand, have begun to move away from first class.

Pilling says it is all about real estate in the sky. "Marketing departments want
better seats to market, while revenue departments are looking at space. But I
see a demand for a better economy product continuing."

What airlines give you for your long-haul fare

Aer Lingus

Economy

With a pitch (the space between your seat and the one in front, which isn't
quite the same as legroom) of 79cm (31in), the room you'll have is fairly
standard.

In-flight entertainment is pretty good, though, with 12 films, 50 hours of TV
and 200 CDs to choose from.

Premium economy

Not offered.

Premier

Much roomier - a 147cm (58in) pitch - with seats that lie flat and bigger video
screens.

Passengers can expect to quaff from Waterford crystal and eat off fine china.

Sample fare

Dublin to New York from EUR 287 in economy and from EUR 1,355 in premier.

Qantas

Economy

Standard seat space but a choice of 60 films to help take your mind off it, as
well as CDs, radio channels and games.

Premium economy

Designer seats that are 48cm (19in) wide; 23cm (9in) recline with footrests,
making it like something Joey from Friends would choose.

Premier

Seats as in premium economy. Pitch a fairly stubby 107cm (42in), mind you.

State-of-the-art entertainment with touch-screen monitors, but the same range of
options as those slumming it in economy.

Sample fare

London to Sydney about EUR 740 economy, about EUR 1,475 premium economy and
about EUR 2,565 premier.

Virgin Atlantic

Economy

Standard seat pitch but newer craft have adjustable headrests and lumber
supports.

Movies, TV, games and audio all available, but you'll be hard pressed to take
your eyes off the SkyMap video giving you the lowdown on what's going on outside
your window. Nothing, hopefully.

Premium economy

Fifty-three centimetre (21in) seat width and 97cm (38in) pitch, after-dinner
liqueur and priority boarding.

Premier

Size matters when you fly, and Upper Class passengers enjoy seats that are a
very posh 56cm (22in) wide and 213cm (almost 7ft) long.

Tire of the in-flight entertainment and you can slink up to the in-flight bar.
Find someone you like and you can invite them to sit on your guest ottoman.

Sample fare

London to Sydney about EUR 1,565 economy, about EUR 2,735 premium economy and
about EUR 8,690 premier.

British Airways

Economy

Standard 79cm (31in) pitch and 43cm (17in) width.

Standard range of in-flight entertainment options, too.

Premium economy

Wider seats, more legroom and larger cabin - plus nice blankets and seat-back
video.

Premier

Up here you get lie-flat beds and a turn-down service with velvet slippers.
There's even your very own "sleepsuit". Presumably with bunnies on it.

Sample fare

London to Sydney EUR 913 economy, EUR 1,419 premium economy and EUR 4,841
premier.

Air France

Economy

Seats recline to 118 degrees, which is just enough to annoy the person behind
you but not enough to spill his dinner.

Premium economy

Its Alizé cabins keep 36 of you, your feather pillows and your massaging
footrests separate from the hoi polloi.

Premier

Your first-class cabin has between four and eight seats, each curved around you
like a cocoon.

Your cocoon transforms into a full bed with drawers, compartments, tables and
even a banquette, so you can entertain others. Which is good, as you may never
leave.

Sample fare

Dublin to Sydney EUR 797 economy, EUR 2,192 premium economy and EUR 7,786
premier.

American Airlines

Economy

Newer craft have seat-back video screens, but with most of the stock it's
overhead screens, adjustable headrests and a standard 79cm (31in) seat pitch.

Premium economy

Not offered.

Premier

Opt for the Flagship Suite of its Boeing 777 fleet and it's the closest you
might come to Air Force One.

Not only does your seat transform itself into a bed; it also swivels. Makes a
great talking point on your personal in-flight satphone.

Sample fare

Dublin to New York EUR 284 economy, EUR 1,491 premier.

Singapore Airlines

Economy

Airline of the Year last year.

Eighty-one cm (32in) pitch and 43cm (17in) seat width.

More than 450 entertainment options.

Premium economy

Body-moulding bed with multiple positions (but not flat).

Premier

Book one of its SkySuites and relax. The first-class cabin is more like a
drawing room.

A 198cm (78in) pitch and 56cm (22in) seat width.

Sample fare

Dublin to Sydney EUR 1,384 economy, EUR 4,941 premium economy and EUR 8,447
premier.

Air New Zealand

Economy

A generous 86cm (34in) pitch but a not-so-generous 15cm (6in) recline.

More than 450 hours of video on demand.

Premium economy

A 22cm (9in) recline (50 per cent more than in economy) and 101cm (40in) pitch.

Premier

It can slug it out with Virgin, but also claims the longest lie-flat beds, at
200cm (6ft 7in).

Positively airy 200cm (79in) pitch and 56cm (22in) wide leather
armchairs-cum-beds.

Sample fare

Dublin to Sydney EUR 883 economy, EUR 2,849 premium economy and EUR 5,898
premier.

Sandra O'Connell

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday

Air NZ cashes in on success of premium seats

BYLINE: VAN DEN BERGH Roeland

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 465 words


AIR NEW ZEALAND will add more premium economy seats to its Boeing 747-400 fleet
because of strong demand and profit growth from the roomier seats.

Fifteen economy seats would be removed to make way for eight premium economy
seats, taking their number to 39 on each of the eight jumbo jets by the end of
the October.

Premium economy gives passengers 15 centimetres more leg room than standard
economy.

Air New Zealand group general manager of international airline Ed Sims said
demand for premium economy had grown steadily since the new long-haul passenger
cabins were introduced from July 2005.

Eight seats were added last October.

Premium economy bookings had jumped 10 per cent in recent months after the
business class services were introduced in December.

Those changes had turned premium economy into a low-cost business class rather
than a step up from economy, Mr Sims said.

Yields from the market-leading business class and premium economy were growing
at a much faster rate than economy, which competed with capacity on rival
airlines, Mr Sims said.

The price difference between economy and premium economy started out at between
20 per cent and 50 per cent, but was now up to as much as 80 per cent.

"That is reflective of the fact that it is much more of a business class
offering," Mr Sims said.

The airline was also winning more European corporate business after adding
London to its Hong Kong service, in addition to Los Angeles to London, he said.

Most passengers in premium economy were upgrading from economy, with some
trading down from business.

But passengers had still been prepared to pay the extra for business class,
which offered a sleeper seat.

Mr Sims said business and premium economy seats would account for nearly 20 per
cent of all seats, and that was expected to grow to 30 per cent.

Competing Asian carriers, including Cathay Pacific, were also either increasing
premium economy capacity or introducing it.

The new Boeing 777-200ER fleet would get more premium economy seats later next
year.

House of Travel retail director Brent Thomas said Air New Zealand had struck a
perfect balance between its premium business class, which featured a seat that
reclined to a fully flat bed, and economy.

The seats had booked out quickly, which the airline was responding to.

"They have got a product that has resonated with the customer and they have
priced it extremely well, which has enticed people out of the normal economy."

The cheapest premium economy seat sells for about $4500 between Auckland and
London, compared with $2700 in economy and $8600 for business.

"People are looking for more space and are prepared to pay for it," Mr Thomas
said.

The announcement follows a decision to tighten up leg room on the domestic
Boeing 737 fleet, adding another row of six seats by August.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 30, 2014 Sunday

Iran paper says economy of resistance "not merely weapon against sanctions"

LENGTH: 1164 words


Text of commentary by Mehdi Hasanzadeh: "Why the Economy of Resistance?" by
Iranian newspaper Khorasan on 12 March

Yesterday [11 March] the leader of the revolution described the characteristics
and conceptual components of "Resistance Economy"; why we need it, the
motivation for devising its overall policies, and the requirements for
implementing them. This explanation contained three main components. Attention
to the details of these components will make the realization of the goals of
these policies possible. In short, it will make it possible for Iran's economy
to come out of the cycle of recession and become resistant and at the same time
interact with world economies.

The first component is explaining the reasons for devising the policies of
resistance economy. There is no doubt that under conditions of economic
pressures by the enemies and all kinds of sanctions resistance is necessary and
this reason alone is enough to think about making the economy resistant. But the
leader of the revolution announced three other reasons for devising these
policies to show that resistance economy is not just a prescription to treat the
illness of sanctions. According to the leader, except for sanctions many
financial and moral and human potentials as well as chronic economic problems
such as two digit inflation and unemployment, flawed infrastructures, low
productivity, and the need to reduce vulnerability in the face of global crises
are other reasons that make this resistant economy necessary. A look at the
global economic crisis of 2007 and 2008 which led to the decrease in price of
oil shows that with the price of oil going from $130 to $30 a barrel Iran's
economy faced severe reduction in oil revenues. With the rate of economic growth
being less than one per cent in 1387 [21 March 2008 -21 March 2009] Iran faced
deep recession and the sanctions had not even started yet. This historic example
shows how an economy dependent on oil can be affected with global crises and
wrestle with deep economic recessions.

The leader's second focus was the 10 main characteristics of resistance economy.
Mobility and dynamism and improving major indexes are the first characteristic
of resistance economy which does not allow these policies to stay at the level
of just slogans. Statistics and economic indexes such as inflation,
unemployment, economic growth, rate of productivity and other indexes, and the
most important one, economic justice, will show whether the country's economy is
moving towards the goals of resistance economy or not. The leader's emphasis on
justice is an answer to the question of whether economic growth has priority
over justice. The resistance economy's answer is that justice has priority over
growth; a justice that has to be properly described and its economic, social,
political, even cultural dimensions drawn so it would not be mistaken with some
short term slogans.

The other nine components of resistance economy are the ability to resist
threatening factors, reliance on domestic potentials, jihadi approach, people's
involvement in the economy, self-sufficiency and securing the supply of
strategic items, reducing reliance on oil revenues, reforming consumption
models, fighting corruption, and having a knowledge-based economy. A review of
these components shows that Iran's economy needs fundamental structural reform
to come out of the present situation. For example, to reform the subsidy system
we have to move towards reforming the consumption model. Reforming the
consumption model is a gradual cultural change in consumption habits and we have
to move gradually and use other means along with reforming prices. Also,
self-reliance in strategic items shows that in important areas such as food we
need to seriously reform cultivation with the goal of self-reliance in producing
agricultural products and livestock. This requires new policies and techniques
in land preparation.

As an important characteristic of resistance economy, the "jihadi approach" also
shows that the country's management system has to change fundamentally. While
decision making must improve at the scientific level, speed and agility in
carrying out those decisions must increase as well.

The third focus is emphasis on eight requirements in achieving resistance
economy which are related to the execution of the policies. They range from the
officials' willpower and belief in the policies to timetabled programmes to
execute them and coordination of agencies and oversight activities. In other
words, to get away from slogans and approach realization and execution,
resistance economy needs a vast spectrum of activities that includes the
officials' willpower and belief to planning and even, as the leader suggested,
the establishment of a strong oversight centre. The leader's emphasis on the
need for officials' involvement and timetabled programmes to implement the
policies and coordination and oversight shows that the leader of the revolution
is not stopping at notifying and explaining the characteristics of resistance
economy. He insists on building proper structures to implement these policies
and goes beyond just setting these policies by supervising every aspect of the
process.

One of the eight requirements of achieving the goals of resistance economy is
the need to develop a discourse and present a correct picture of resistance
economy. In addition to the officials of the three branches and official
institutions, this discourse-building requires the work of diverse groups of
cultural and media activists. It invites them to change resistance economy from
policy to a discourse and a culture dominating the economy. It invites forces
outside the ruling establishment to help the ruling establishment carry out the
policies of resistance economy.

In the end it seems as if the argument and proof is undeniable for everyone
including officials and the elite. With the leader's detailed and comprehensive
reasoning we cannot say that resistance economy is a weapon only against
sanctions. We cannot put our hopes only in sanctions being eased and not be
motivated to continue these policies. We can no longer say growth has priority
over justice and neglect the people, especially the lower classes, in
benefitting from development programmes.

With the emphasis on "jihadi" management we can no longer accept inefficient and
sluggish managements. We can no longer expect officials to notify these policies
to related agencies and not supervise their implementation. Cultural and media
activists can no longer entertain the public with sensational and trivial
political stories instead of building a discourse in resistance economy.
Resistance economy is a window of opportunity and if we don't look through this
window there will be no hope for Iran's economy. This is the last and the most
complete prescription to treat the sick economy, if everyone carries out his or
her responsibility.

Source: Khorasan, Mashhad, in Persian 12 Mar 14

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

Iran paper reviews "general policies" of economy of resistance

LENGTH: 2304 words


Text of commentary by Majid Fekri: "The Discourse of the Economy of Resistance
Is 'a Comprehensive Model of Development Without an Expiration Date'" by Iranian
newspaper Khorasan on 17 March

Developing a discourse about "Resistance Economy" and turning it into a public
discourse will solve many problems and facilitate many affairs." This was part
of the statements by the Supreme Leader of the Revolution made recently at a
meeting with the heads of the three branches of government following the
notification of the general policies of resistance economy. He analysed the
methods and ways of implementing and realizing these policies.

At this meeting Ayatollah Khamene'i said it is necessary to build a culture and
a comprehensive discourse to carry out the general policies of resistance
economy. He said: "The main points of these policies must be explained for the
people with correct and logical reasoning so that gradually it would infiltrate
different sectors of society and become a public demand."

"Resistance Economy" is a strategy devised by the leader with his insight and
keenness to neutralize the animosity of the hegemonic power in its economic
soft-war. According to him, this is a sacred "jihad" and we have to plan a
fundamental infrastructure in order to advance it.

The first step in this infrastructure is explaining the dimensions of resistance
economy and creating a discourse, especially in scientific, educational, and
media environments and transforming it into a comprehensive and prevalent
national discourse. Developing a discourse after expanding a theory or an issue
or idea can prepare the atmosphere and preoccupy a nation with the issue and its
different aspects.

The overall policies of resistance economy which were notified by the leader of
Islamic Revolution in the last days of Bahman of this year [21 Jan. -21 Feb.
2014] is in fact a doctrine of political economy with all signs and components
of a comprehensive discourse.

The contents of the overall policies that were notified shows that resistance
economy is not a temporary reaction to the current situation. It is a doctrine
and a complete discourse with the goal of turning the country into a developed
economy and an international economic power. This is a discourse of resistance
to economic onslaught, resistance to misguided structures, corruption, talent
and potential destroying bureaucracy, and "rentier" economy. In short, it is
resistance to anything that prevents the establishment of a dynamic and healthy
economy in accordance with the revolution and Islamic Republic's principles and
potentials. Resistance economy is a discourse with the goal of achieving a
comprehensive economy in which all economic activities are cohesive and
coordinated. Therefore we must avoid periodic and short term encounters with
these policies and instead devise proper strategies and tactics to instil and
enact these policies.

Discourse

Perhaps your understanding of discourse is a kind of discussion but discourse is
when a concept or perception becomes widespread at a specific time in a specific
society. This concept or perception has to be publicized in a way that a trend
and a special atmosphere would be created to establish the discourse.

Dr Sa'idi, cultural management expert and university professor says: "When
developing a discourse there are things to consider such as convincing the
public and avoiding behaviours based on orders. Developing a discourse for
resistance economy is not a management or political activity; it is more a
cultural activity with planning and continued work. Working haphazardly without
a specific plan will not give any results."

He adds: "Also, paying attention to quality rather than quantity is very
important in building a discourse. In fact, quality is the main criterion and it
must not become the victim of statistics and result oriented reports. In the
process of building a discourse we have to fulfil our mission and we have to be
careful not to sacrifice quality for quantity."

Dr Sa'idi adds: "Being process-centred is also important here. We must not think
that this will be done in a short time because like any other cultural-social
endeavour this will take time. Therefore we have to look at discourse-building
as a process. Also, we must try to manifest this discourse in people's way of
life. In other words, to develop a discourse for resistance economy, Islamic and
revolutionary ideals and values and religiosity must become society's spirit and
way of life. This discourse should influence every aspect of people's lives. At
the same time, we should not neglect propaganda and publicity for this
discourse."

From Theory to Action

But as the nature of any discourse requires, resistance economy faces challenges
and animosities. It faces challenges from rival weak discourses that in the past
few months have shown themselves as side journalistic -in its superficial sense
-discussions trying to undermine "resistance economy" as a temporary tactic
against the sanctions or a face-saving way of describing economic austerity.
Therefore resistance economy starts with a comprehensive but challenged
theoretical discussion. One of the biggest challenges that experts face is that
the evolution of this discourse does not stop at theory; its continuation in
practice is just as important as its theoretical discussions.

Seyyed Kazem Hoseyni, Ph.D. student in economics who researches resistance
economy says: "More than anything else resistance economy and its implementation
needs a social body and leaders who believe in this theory and have enough
motivation to put it into action."

He describes: "The realization of resistance economy needs motivation in
different agencies. As it is explained in the general policies of resistance
economy, people's involvement is the most important component of this approach.
Obviously individual movements will not have the power to achieve the goals of
this discourse. Mass participation is needed to create a powerful social force
to put the policies of this discourse into action. Considering all aspects, we
must conclude that the organization that is able to do this is the Basij
institution because it is a popular movement and because of its expansion and
connection to the executive body."

Dr Mehdi Taqavi, economist and Tehran University professor says: "The first step
in the theoretical expansion of resistance economy must be taken at universities
to produce knowledge about this discourse. By connecting these theories to the
industry, service, agriculture, and commerce sectors we can see them put into
action."

About the discourse of resistance economy, he says: "In developing this
discourse the first point that we have to pay attention to is economic austerity
and explaining it well to the public. In other words, the public must be clear
that in a resistance economy the goal is not hardship and economic austerity for
families. It means proper consumption of domestic products and proper
productivity and management of revenues and expenditures."

A Tehran University professor also says about this issue: "One of the problems
that our system has is not giving enough value to actions. At the
epistemological level our society has neglected actions. My view of action is
different than the conventional views and I hope in carrying out the resistance
economy we pay more attention to building infrastructures. I think if we don't
pay attention to operational structures we will not get good results. Before
embarking on resistance economy the ruling establishment must transform the
infrastructures. If there is change in the infrastructures then we can count on
things being done."

In an interview with ANA news agency, Emad Afrough referred to the theoretical
foundation in turning resistance economy into a modern discourse and said: "For
example, we are in a war situation and no country can just imitate other
countries because each country is different historically, culturally, and
geographically. Unfortunately in the course of these years we have neglected
these issues and the result is public resistance to policies. For example, in my
view during the war all national potentials were used in the best way and the
stage was set for innovations and other nation-government building. Considering
the circumstances today, we have to use our experiences of the past three
decades in weathering all tests and mistakes and war experiences in the best way
possible."

Muhammad Javad Koulivand, Majlis representative from Karaj says: "Resistance
economy must become the top priority in the country's major planning. Spreading
the discourse of resistance economy must take the place of useless seminars."

He adds: "The leader's strategies on resistance economy must become the focus of
major planning in the country. Turning resistance economy into a scientific and
cultural discourse must become the priority for managers in different sectors
such as education, universities and even religious committees."

He emphasizes: "The responsibility of managers in government, private, and
cooperative sectors is to transform resistance economy into a scientific and
cultural discourse and avoid side issues."

Yesterday, Today, or Tomorrow?

In the recent meeting of the leader of the revolution with the heads of three
powers he stated another important point: "Now the stage is set for implementing
the overall policies of resistance economy. If all branches of government and
agencies work together and put in the effort, with God's help, this can go
forward." Therefore, those who knowingly or unknowingly are looking for the best
time to start the executive operation of resistance economy should know that
"now" is that time.

One of the professors at Tehran University says about this issue: "Considering
that our officials at the Islamic Republic do not show any reaction or
decisiveness unless they have to, now is the time to change the concept of
resistance economy into a discourse at the public level."

Referring to the leader's demand regarding resistance economy and society's
readiness in accepting this policy in the form of a new economic discourse, Emad
Afrough says: "Sanctions, economic pressures, wrong policies of the last
government that we have to suffer from now, and the discourse of the Islamic
Revolution that always needed an economic transformation but never achieved are
reasons for this change in the economy."

He emphasizes: "Conditions were ready even before but unfortunately there was a
rift between the Islamic Revolution and the policies and actions of our
officials. Now considering the existing conditions it seems as if everything is
ready. But we have to be careful not to make these policies a passing emotional
event."

Seyyed Kazem Hoseyni, Ph.D. candidate in economics says that the history of
international political economy shows that domestic production is what drove
those economies that became global economies. He adds: "The important point is
that domestic power and potential for production exists at all times; we just
have to understand it, find it, and use it. Thus, any more delay in economic
development by using different gimmicks is wrong and a waste of time and assets.
As in the Sacred Defence [Iran-Iraq war] resistance economy needs the Basiji way
of thinking. To be able to carry this heavy load to its destination officials
who have the executive responsibility in the economy must look at Basij as a big
opportunity. Fortunately Basij has paid attention to the issue of resistance
economy and its requirements for some time now. Different levels of Basij have
researched this issue and have the readiness to implement it in different
dimensions."

Interestingly, in his meeting with the heads of branches of government, the
leader said one of the most important policies of resistance economy is the
public's participation and popularization of the economy. He added: "In the past
35 years the country has benefited greatly from the presence and participation
of the people in the victory of the revolution and especially in the eight years
of Sacred Defence. In the economy, too, small investment by the people will
definitely open many avenues in the general economy."

Public Demand

In his meeting with the heads of the three branches of government, Ayatollah
Khamen'i said it is necessary to build a comprehensive and widespread culture
and discourse to implement the overall policies of resistance economy. He said:
"The main elements in these policies must be correctly and logically explained
to the people so that gradually they would infiltrate different sectors of
society and become a public demand. Undoubtedly public demand can become the
motivating factor and a strong oversight power in this movement."

According to Tasnim News Agency, Hojjat-ol Eslam Muhammad Hoseyn Hoseyn-zadeh
Bahreyni says: "What is needed in developing a discourse is explaining different
dimensions of an issue. The highest point of discourse building is when it
becomes a public demand; meaning that all sectors of society have enough
information to make it a demand. Demanding something requires having enough
knowledge of an issue."

We need sincerity, transparency, and straightforwardness to inform the public of
the ins and outs of resistance economy and the leader's intentions. The people
will have the knowledge of the realities and they will develop the needed trust.
Reciprocal trust between the public and officials will undoubtedly lead to their
participation and we can expect a successful future. Iran's economy and the
strategy of resistance economy may even become an economic model in the world.

Let us not forget this statement by the leader: "By using people's potentials we
can do things that perhaps several ministries cannot do."

Source: Khorasan, Mashhad, in Persian 17 Mar 14

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

Iran commentary outlines general policies of leader's "resistance economy"

LENGTH: 753 words


Text of commentary by Sa'id Mahdavi: "The Discourse of the Economy of
Resistance: the Solution to the Country's Economy" published by website of
Iranian hardline conservative weekly Sobh-e Sadeq on 23 February

About two years after the supreme leader introduced the solution and plan of the
resistance economy, he has announced its general policies. During this period,
the supreme leader repeatedly offered guidance and explanations in this regard
in various gatherings. However, now by announcing the general policies of this
discourse, he put an end to all arguments for all sectors related to economic
and political issues of the country. Political in the sense that many of the
general policies of the economy of resistance are achieved having taken the
correct path of foreign diplomacy and by relying on internal capacities and not
expecting anything from foreigners. According to this prompt direction, the
general policies of the economy of resistance were declared with a jihadi,
flexible, opportunity maker, productive, indigenous, leading, and extroverted
approach in order to provide dynamic growth, improve the indicators of the
economy of resistance, and to achieve the objectives of the 20-year outlook.

Since the economic sanctions were imposed on our country's economy, the supreme
leader rightly proposed and prescribed the strategy of the economy of
resistance. However, because of their illusion resulting from Western economy,
which is the very capitalist economy, some officials and economic experts
interpreted and explained the discourse of the economy of resistance as an
economy of austerity; whereas, there are no programmes and plans within the
definitions and aspects of the economy of resistance that seek to impose
pressure on people and manufacturing enterprises. The principle and foundation
of this kind of economy are based on reducing the expenditure and budget of
state apparatuses, increasing strategic products (in the industry and
agriculture sectors), relying on internal factors of the economy (endogenous and
extroverted), and the economy not heavily depending on oil revenues. However, on
the other hand, an economy of austerity, which is the main programme proposed by
European countries for exiting economic crises, places most of its capacity and
emphasis on increasing direct taxes. Of its consequences it is sufficient to say
that since the implementation of this plan, a day has not gone by in these
crisis-ridden countries in which we have not witnessed protests, strikes, and
clashes.

The general policies of the economy of resistance were announced while the
preliminary agreements with the [P]5+1 member countries have taken shape and
these countries are negotiating with Iran to reach a final agreement. The timing
of the declaration of these general policies regarding the economic team
reiterates the point that it is not possible for them to expect and wait for the
Foreign Ministry to overcome the problems. This strategy is a dead end. Also,
for some time now that in his guidelines, the supreme leader has been very much
emphasizing on relying on domestic and endogenous factors and forces of the
economy.

There is another issue regarding this announcement and final word, which is the
issue of the 'economic epic and is also the slogan and outlook for the current
year [starting 21 March 2013]. The text of economy of resistance refers twice to
the objective of the economic epic. In both instances, they have considered the
implementation of the general policies of the economy of resistance to be the
solution to achieving an economic epic.

It is obvious that the three branches of power, particularly the executive and
legislative branches, are responsible for the implementation of the general
policies of the economy of resistance, which must align themselves with the path
of the discourse of the economy of resistance without considering factional and
political party interests as quickly as possible, and prioritize the commands of
the supreme leader by conveying this document to their subsidiaries and follow
its contents in their actions and decisions to bring forth the economic epic in
this unequal and imposed economic war. Also, on the other hand, as stated in
this announcement, scientific, educational, and media environments are
responsible for expounding on the aspects of the economy of resistance and
creating a discourse and turning it into an inclusive and ongoing national
dialogue.

Source: Sobh-e Sadeq website, Tehran, in Persian 23 Feb 14

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              March 9, 2001 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Gentlemen, start your economies ...

BYLINE: Nina Field

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 819 words


Nina Field delivers all the currency thrills and interest rate spills from the
big race

The racers are on the grid. You can almost feel the tension as they wait to take
on this comparative advantage contest one lap around the economic cycle here at
Global Park ... and they're off in the Formula G7 Growth Prix!

The McMickeysoft-PhilipMorris United States economy team has moved out well from
pole position.

But the DaimlerChrysler-DeutscheTelecom-Uberalles German economy is right behind
them. The Credit Suisse-UBS-Nestle Swiss economy, with its distinctive neutral
gold-filling colours, is in third.

Among the other front-runners are the Axa-Paribas-Pacifiqueglo French economy,
the Rio-Tinto-Shell-BT-BSE-Footnmth United Kingdom economy and the
Toyota-Wasabi-Mitsubishi Japanese economy with the unconventional
Pokemon-power-up engine. The Bharat-Chyldlabor-Tanaga Asian Tigers economy team
is going along nicely in its rocket-fuelled tuk-tuk. It is certainly not out of
this race yet.

And here comes the BHP-Telstra-Wheatboard Australian economy, accelerating up
the track on an old-economy scooter. And I must say, what lovely sheepskin
handle-bar covers the Australian economy has, too.

It looks like the World Bank Third World economy team hasn't had a start yet.
World Bank officials seem to be unhappy with something. They are ordering a few
more adjustments. Yes, the fiscal engineers are removing a wheel and loading
them up with extra debt to get the balance right.

And now the Third World team is under way, with its sizeable crew electing to
carry the three-wheeled skateboard around the cycle.

We are back at the front of the race now. Wait a minute! The US economy team has
been overtaken by the Asian Tigers tuk-tuk!

That's right the Asian Tigers economy has forged ahead of its more sophisticated
rivals and is leading the Formula G7 Growth Prix! Will you just look at the
flames pouring out the back of the tuk-tuk. The tuk-tuk is ...

As you can probably see, the Asian Tigers tuk-tuk appears to have burned out
completely. All that's left on the track is a blackened shell. The shell is
still moving forwards, but the US economy team has easily cruised past and
resumed the lead almost as if it had never lost it.

So it's the US economy, then the Europeans, Japan, Australia, and well back, the
Third World.

But wait now the US team look like it's in trouble! Let's go down economic
cycle-side with Barry to see what the problem is.Barry: Thanks, Paul. We have
confirmed that the US economy team is losing power. It looks like engine
failure. Something to do with the on-board computer. I'm just getting word now
... yes, the computer has apparently stopped driving the US economy and is
downloading pornography from the net instead.Paul: The US economy is really
slowing now and it has been overtaken by almost the entire field. They're
jostling at the front. The German team appears to be in the lead, no it's Japan,
no France , no wait ... it's Australia! That's right the Australian economy is
in front!

And it just so happens that here with me in the studio is the Treasurer of the
Australian economy team to provide us with some very special comments. Peter,
can you believe your team's good fortune?Peter: Paul, can I just tell you that
the Australian economy has experienced 36 consecutive revolutions per minute of
growth. Sound economic management by this government has got the Australian
economy to the front of this race and sound economic management will keep it
there.

When the Asian Tigers team burned out, we kept on going. This is undeniably due
to the economic strategy adopted by this government. We cut government debt, we
reformed the tax system ...Paul: Sorry to interrupt, Peter, but there seems to
be an object dragging from the back of the scooter?Peter: It's the GST, Paul.
But it's not dragging. It's there to keep the Australian economy on track. It's
a necessary reform and ...Paul: Sorry to interrupt again, Peter, but apparently
the Europeans have lodged a complaint with the WTO organisers about the
Australian team's sheepskin handle-bar covers and ... hold everything, folks!

There appears to be a petrol spill on the economic cycle. The drivers haven't
seen it. They are not slowing down. They are going to hit it.

Oh my God, they've hit it! Disaster! There is total chaos here at the Formula G7
Growth Prix! Economies are spinning wildly into the nearby recessions. Central
bankers are jumping the barriers and desperately trying to salvage something
from the wreckage. What a catastrophe!

Only the United States economy team appears to have had time to activate the
ejector seat, parachuting the McMickeysoft-PhilipMorris executive salary package
safely across the finish line for a technical US victory.

The Australian economy team which was doing so well before this is among the
race casualties. Your thoughts on this incredible economic tragedy, Peter? ...
Peter? ... Peter?

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Oh no! The sheepskin-covered Australian economy has slipped into
reverse. Picture: REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 21, 1996 Monday

SMALL BUSINESS WEEK  Profits depend on perspective with business in the new
economy

SECTION: ADVERTISING SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 749 words


THE NEW economy -- all those brainbusting companies turning out software,
financial services and bright ideas -- should, in theory, be more profitable
than old industries that have passed their prime and are fighting for their
lives in markets that no longer value their products.

Yet data don't support that conclusion, for there are many sectors in the old
economy that are quite profitable and quite a few businesses in the new economy
that are not. How one looks at the new economy determines the outcome.

Broad, consistent data on new economy firms are hard to find. At first glance,
it appears that flourishing sectors of the new economy, such as software and
electronic entertainment, are very profitable. There is anecdotal evidence that
the new economy is immensely profitable. Software tycoons like Microsoft's Bill
Gates, Oracle's Larry Ellison and Corel's Michael Cowpland are examples of what
bright ideas can yield.

Statistically, however, profitability of new-economy firms is anything but
clear. As Benjamin Tal, an economist with the Canadian Imperial Bank of
Commerce, notes, the size of firms, their access to capital markets, and their
levels of working capital vary with the new economy/old economy classification.

There is some broad evidence that new-economy firms are more profitable than
firms in the economy as a whole. A Canadian mutual fund mandated to invest in
the new economy, Talvest's New Economy fund, has returns better than those of
the TSE 300 for certain periods. See chart below.

Total returns for period ending Aug. 31, 1996
    (excluding any commissions)
   New Economy Fund

Six months      One year      Two years
      8.7         16.9          13.3

TSE 300

Six months      One year      Two years
    5.4           16.4          11.3

But what determines profitability may have less to do with being in software,
for example, than being a firm able to set prices rather than just receive them
from the market or having ready access to inexpensive working capital.

As Warren Jestin, senior vice-president and chief economist of the Bank of Nova
Scotia, sees the problem, cleaving firms into the old and new economies is more
confusing than helpful.

"It is hard to divide industries into the new and old economies. Banking has
been around a long time, but in terms of information technology, we are one of
Canada's leading sectors. Then if you look at oil and gas, which are traditional
industries, you find that they have enjoyed tremendous growth because of the
improved competitiveness of Canadian industry."

Competitiveness is the key to profitability, says Jestin. Becoming a competitor
of an old-economy, heavily capitalized firm may require rounding up a few
hundred million dollars to build a steel plant or an oil refinery. Capital
requirements alone are a barrier to entry. In the new economy, fixed capital is
far less important than human capital. Thus software is intensely competitive,
for there are few barriers to entry. "It's easier to get a Ph.D. than to get a
few hundred million dollars,"  Jestin quips."

CIBC economist Benjamin Tal says that the corporate profitability of large firms
is becoming less sensitive to business cycles. He reasons that since large firms
are doing a lot of outsourcing to small firms, the big firms become less
sensitive to what is happening in the economy.

"When there is a downturn, large firms reduce outsourcing. The core of the large
business remains the same. It is then the small firms that are doing jobs for
the large firms that see their sales decline. That's why profitability of large
corporations is more stable than it used to be. And that is why small firms are
more sensitive to changes in the business cycle.

There is also a question of visibility. Large firms in the old economy tend to
be public. Their sales and earnings are matters of public record. But startup
firms in the new economy are often private and statistically invisible. Until
they go public, their successes or failures are known only to their owners,
suppliers, employees and customers.

None of this statistical quibbling invalidates the potential productivity of
new-economy businesses. Such firms can thrive. But what makes them thrive won't
be the fact that they are in software or another new-economy endeavour. It will
be that they are well-managed firms with adequate working capital and goods or
services the market wants. In the end, it is not the classification that helps a
firm succeed, it is the business it does.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Zimbabwean

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Zim-Asset stillborn as economy slumps

BYLINE: Kenneth Matimaire

LENGTH: 376  words


Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

Zim-Asset has suffered an early blow as the economy declined in the first
quarter of the year.
Minister Mike Bimha

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1286


                         Copyright 2014 The Zimbabwean
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Treasurer defends Fed taper putting US economy first

BYLINE: Laura Tingle and Phillip Coorey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 569 words


Treasurer Joe Hockey says the Group of 20 must be prepared to "collectively
assist'' emerging market economies hit by the fallout from cuts to the United
States Federal Reserve's monetary stimulus, but is defending the US's right to
put its own economy first.

Asked to clarify what he meant by ''collectively assist", Mr Hockey said that
assistance "could be on a bilateral or multilateral basis".

Economies being hard hit by the taper include Australia's nearest northern
neighbour Indonesia - which is in the middle of a presidential election.

Global markets have seen massive capital flows from emerging economies after the
Fed last week said it would wind back its bond-buying program, sparking pressure
on currencies and rising interest rates in developing economies.

A G20 finance ministers' meeting in Sydney this month is expected to focus
heavily on the continuing reform of emerging economies and the possible need to
provide them with assistance to deal with the effects of cuts to the Federal
Reserve's bond buying.

Asked on Tuesday by The Australian Financial Review whether the US should take
more account of the complaints of developing economies that the US and other
developed economies are not mindful enough of the impact of their moves, Mr
Hockey said: "I think the US is listening and it does understand the pressures
on a number of different economies.

"But ultimately the US Federal Reserve's primary responsibility is to the people
of the United States and they have to put the US economy first," he said. "Now a
strong US economy is almost inevitably going to lead to a stronger global
economy."

Mr Hockey said developing nations "have greater capacity now than ever before
through a certain degree of micro-economic reform that they've undertaken, they
have greater capacity now to cope with some volatility than they might have had
10, 15 or 20 years ago. Exhibit 'A' would be Mexico, which is undertaking
significant domestic reform that has meant that they can cope with more
significant volatility in their currency."

Asked if he believed developing economies needed to fix their own problems, Mr
Hockey said many emerging economies "have undertaken reform and it hasn't been
easy.

"Our enemy is complacency and as the global economy starts to improve, albeit
gradually, there is a danger that complacency creeps in with a number of
economies," he said.

"We are very mindful that there are contentious elections in a number of these
countries that are potentially most exposed to the impact of tapering and I
think we have got to stand ready to collectively assist those economies if the
waters get extremely rough during the course of tapering."

The Fed's actions have sparked tensions between developed and developing worlds,
tensions that will be discussed at the G20 finance ministers meeting Mr Hockey
will chair in Sydney this month.

Developing countries complain the US and other developed economies are not
mindful enough of the impact of their decisions, while the IMF has said
developing economies have to fix shortcomings in their own economies.

Mr Hockey commented favourably on an article on Tuesday by US economist Nouriel
Roubini, who argued the Fed's taper had prompted "capital that flowed to
emerging markets in the years of high liquidity and low yields in advanced
economies, is now fleeing many countries where easy money caused fiscal,
monetary and credit policies to become lax".

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                 July 29, 2013

Forex Bureaus - Indicators of the State of Rwandan Economy? [analysis]

BYLINE: Sam Kebongo

LENGTH: 740 words


Economics is a great subject. It takes attributes of the physical sciences to
tell you things as they are, just as a physicist would. This is called positive
economics.

It combines this with aspects of social sciences, which deal with things as they
ought to be (normative economics). Further, it has historical, present and
predictive aspects to it. You can put in place economic policies to achieve a
specific outcome unlike law where, almost always, new laws are enacted to arrest
something that has already become material.

In order to make these policies, we need to know the economic trends, thus the
need for economic indicators.

An economic indicator is simply any economic statistic, such as the unemployment
rate, GDP, or the inflation rate, which indicate how well the economy is doing
and how well the economy is going to do in the future. An economy is the
aggregate business cycle (the total of purchases and sales) over time.

Investors use this kind of information to make decisions. If a set of economic
indicators suggest that the economy is going to do better or worse in the future
than they had previously expected, they may decide to change their investing
strategy.

From a predictive perspective, the first person to get accurate interpretation
of economic indicators and use it well in decision-making, usually benefits the
most.

Understanding economic indicators demands that we understand the ways in which
economic indicators differ.

There are three major attributes each economic indicator has: Relation to the
business cycle / economy where indicators can have one of three different
relationships to the economy, viz: procyclic, indicator is one that moves in the
same direction as the economy. So, if the economy does well this number usually
increases, and in a recession it decreases. Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is a
procyclic economic indicator. The second is countercyclic (or countercyclical):
that moves in the opposite direction as the economy like unemployment; the
unemployment rate gets larger as the economy gets worse. The third, Acyclic, has
no relation to the health of the economy and is generally of little use.

For the indicators to be useful, the data has to be as useful as possible. That
is why in most countries GDP figures are released quarterly (every three months)
while the unemployment rate is released monthly. Some economic indicators, such
as the Rwanda Stock Exchange Index, are available immediately and change every
minute.

Timing is another important aspect of economic indicators. They are either
leading, lagging, or coincident which indicates the timing of their changes
relative to how the economy as a whole changes. Leading economic indicators
change before the economy changes. For example the stock market returns are a
leading indicator, as the stock market usually begins to decline before the
economy declines and they improve before the economy begins to pull out of a
recession. Leading economic indicators are the most important type for investors
as they help predict what the economy will be like in the future.

Lagged economic indicators change direction until a few quarters after the
economy does. For example unemployment rate is a lagged economic indicator as
unemployment tends to increase for 2 or 3 quarters after the economy starts to
improve.

Coincident economic indicator is one that simply moves at the same time the
economy does such as Gross Domestic Product and its associated indicators.

It made me wonder if there is a simple way of 'feeling' the economic trend. Like
the activities of our foreign exchange bureaus. Are they also indicators as to
the state of our economy? They certainly show us who we trade with and who we do
not. Carry Burundian Francs and shillings from the other three East African
countries and you will know what I mean. We tried this and it was a thousand
times easier to change the US Dollar. When we finally got a place to change
Kenya Shillings; the rates were, to put it politely, out of touch with reality.

This indicates that we are not trading much with our neighbours. The lack of
East Africa's currencies in our Forex bureaus can be a procyclic, coincidental
indicator of the fact that we do not trade with each other much. This negatively
impacts on our business cycle as we are losing out on huge opportunities.

This is an unnatural, if unacceptable state in business. It also presents a
great opportunity.... any takers?

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

In the comfort zone;
TAKE-OFF

BYLINE: Clive Dorman

SECTION: TRAVELLER; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 504 words


Premium economy seating is on the rise, writes Clive Dorman. It took about a
decade longer than the rest of the world for Qantas to introduce premium
economy, an intermediate class of travel halfway between economy and business
class in service and comfort that has become all the rage around the globe. Now,
the national carrier can't get enough of premium economy as it attempts to
negotiate a path through the end of the global financial crisis, which is still
badly affecting air travel in Europe and the US.

Qantas recently announced it would introduce premium economy on its Boeing 747s
flying to Tokyo and Frankfurt. Qantas is retro-fitting six two-class Boeing 747s
to include 40 premium economy seats, with the new offering to be available on
the Tokyo route from next month and the Frankfurt route from February. On 747s
and A380s, Qantas already offers premium economy on flights to Bangkok, Hong
Kong, Singapore, Johannesburg, London, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Buenos
Aires. Airline industry analysts have been warning that, with the world economy
so weak, business travellers will trade down from business class - which costs
up to seven times the discount economy rate - to premium economy, which is only
about double the price of economy. There have also been warnings that the
trading-down trend - to cheaper seats and cheaper airlines overall - could be
permanent. However, Qantas maintains there are hundreds of thousands of leisure
travellers who are prepared to pay $4000 instead of $2000 for a return ticket to
Europe, for example, in exchange for a 40-inch-pitch (102-centimetre) premium
economy seat instead of 31 inches and better food and drinks. In May, Qantas was
awarded the world's best premium economy class and world's best premium economy
seat in the prestigious Skytrax World Airline Awards. "One of the key
considerations was would people take the opportunity to down-trade from business
to premium economy," Qantas group executive commercial Rob Gurney says. "We
tested that hypothesis in research before we went to premium economy [in 2008].
We felt that there was fairly low risk, particularly given the development and
quality of the business-class product. We felt that there was more of a natural
gap in the product range that premium economy slotted into rather than an
opportunity for premium customers to downgrade. "Since we launched premium
economy, we've been tracking the profile of the customers that are travelling
and very few of the customers are down-trading customers. What we are seeing is
a significant amount of trading up, virtually no trading down." Virgin Blue's
new V Australia international airline is also enthusiastic about premium
economy, while Virgin Blue itself is the only carrier to offer domestic premium
economy in Australia. However, new chief executive John Borghetti won't say
whether premium economy will survive Virgin Blue's domestic product makeover,
tipped to be announced later this year, with the introduction of a separate
business class.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Air quality ... Qantas won best premium economy seat in the
Skytrax Awards.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Economic traction still elusive as growth slows

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 583 words


Indeed, the IMF has cut its projection for global growth this year to 3.1%,
which would be the weakest rate since the world economy hit recession in
2008-09. It also lowered its growth forecast for next year.

As the IMF itself remarked, six years after the world economy emerged from the
deepest recession of the post- war era,  the holy grail of a robust and
synchronised global expansion remains elusive .

The modest pick-up in growth in advanced or developed economies is gaining a bit
of momentum, with output expected to expand by 2% this year after 1.8% in 2014
and 1.4% in 2013.

This largely reflects a strengthening of activity in the eurozone, with the US
and UK economies continuing to do quite well. However, this represents quite a
moderate rate of expansion by developed economies.

The reason why the IMF has lowered its growth forecast is a weaker-than-expected
performance by emerging or developing economies.

Growth in these economies is estimated at 4% this year, down from 4.6% in 2014.
This is the fifth straight year of slower growth by emerging economies. In 2010,
they grew by 7.5%.

A slowdown in the pace of growth in China is having a major impact elsewhere. It
has contributed to a sharp fall in world commodity prices, which has hit many
commodity producing economies quite hard.

There has also been a fall-off in import demand from China, especially for raw
materials, which has had a major impact on some emerging economies.

The IMF admits that, while the slowdown in China was largely foreseen, the
knock-on effects on other economies appear to be larger than previously
envisaged.

Indeed, some large emerging economies have entered deep recessions, with GDP
forecast to contract by 3% in Brazil this year. The Russian economy is expected
to shrink by 3.8%, although there are other factors at work here, as well as
lower commodity prices.

Not only is growth weaker than expected, but the IMF says the downside risks for
the global economy have also increased. Surprisingly, the IMF did not lower its
growth projections for China, even though the economy is clearly slowing.

The IMF does warn, though, about the risk to the world economy from a
sharper-than-expected slowdown in China, should its rebalancing towards a more
market-based and consumption-driven economy prove difficult to achieve.

We have particular concerns about the rapid build-up of debt in China in recent
years, which could yet result in widespread defaults as the economy slows, with
knock-on effects for financial markets.

One thing which indicates all is not well in the global economy is that, six
years from the end of the 2008-09 recession, interest rates are still at 0% in
many countries.

Indeed, monetary policy continues to be loosened, with the OECD estimating that
more than half of the world economy has seen more monetary easing this year,
including in major economies such as the eurozone, China, and Japan.

Meanwhile, expected rate increases in countries such as the US and UK have not
materialised as central banks judge that very accommodative monetary policies
are still required to help sustain upturns even in economies that are doing
quite well.

One has to wonder, at this stage, if more needs to be done to boost global
growth than just relying on very loose monetary policy.

Should governments not be looking to fiscal policy to boost demand, especially
when borrowing costs are so low? More spending on public investment would be an
obvious place to start.

Oliver Mangan is chief economist at AIB

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday

Fly economy class with;
*More leg room *Onboard champagne *Wider seats *Food served on tablecloth

BYLINE: Jennani Durai

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Go

LENGTH: 1002 words


Passengers hope to get more comfort and priority treatment when Singapore
Airlines starts its premium economy classA flight to Paris last year changed Ms
Nicole Han's perception of flying long-haul.

She flew Premium economy on Air France.

"I had flown to Europe once before on economy class and had an extremely
uncomfortable journey. I'm not a fan of flying in general and neither is my
mother.

"So for our trip to Europe last year, we decided to bump ourselves up," says the
25-year-old assistant manager at an education company.

She adds: "Business class was a big leap in terms of price, but premium economy
was still affordable."

Premium economy is an in-between class and, as the name suggests, typically
offers more comfort than economy class, such as more legroom, additional baggage
allowance, better meals and extra amenities.

Singapore Airlines announced last week that it would offer such a class starting
next year, joining a long list of carriers such as Cathay Pacific, EVA Air and
Qantas. EVA Air was one of the earliest airlines to introduce premium economy,
in 1992.

Fares can range from about 40 per cent more to as much as double what economy
class costs.

To enjoy the perks of premium economy, Ms Han and her mother paid $3,000 each on
Air France - almost twice the price of economy, but she says it made a world of
difference.

She says: "We had a lot more legroom, the seats reclined further and came with
leg-rests, and there were just the two of us in our row, instead of the usual
three-seat configuration."

She adds that premium economy passengers were given a compartment at the side of
the aisle for their bags.

She says: "Our bags were always within reach, not in the overhead compartment,
which was nice. I would definitely do it again - the flight was so much better."

Student Anita Balakishnan received a pleasant surprise when Australian carrier
Qantas bumped her up to premium economy on a flight to Brisbane in January this
year.

"The seats were wider and reclined a lot further. There were also some touches
of business class - when you first get seated on the plane, they serve you
champagne and they set your tray with a tablecloth and cutlery," says the
27-year-old.

She enjoyed the flight more and adds that though she is not usually able to
sleep on flights, she fell asleep in the premium economy seat.

However, she says she would not fork out the extra cash for a similar trip.

She checked and found out that she would have to pay $700 to $900 more for the
upgrade, depending on the date of travel.

"If I were taking an 18-hour flight, it would be worth it, but this one was too
short," she says. It takes 71/2 hours to fly from Singapore to Brisbane.

While perks such as more drinks and a bigger variety of meals may attract some
travellers, 1.8m-tall David Chang's only concern is the legroom.

The 62-year-old, who owns a manufacturing firm, flew in EVA Air's premium
economy class and said the difference was "very noticeable".

He adds: "I've taken a lot of long-haul flights in economy class and it's
especially terrible when the person in front of you leans back. Not all the
legroom in economy cabins is standardised either and within the same airline,
planes can have different configurations."

He cannot remember how much he paid for his flight to the United States but says
it was roughly double the price of the economy-class ticket, which was on sale.

He adds: "Any flight longer than seven hours is uncomfortable for me if I don't
have enough legroom. I also found that I suffered from less jet lag when I flew
premium economy, as I could rest better."

Travellers say they hope the national carrier's new premium economy class will
combine the best aspects of existing offerings and go a step further.

Sales manager Melvin Loh, who has flown in EVA Air's premium economy class, says
he hopes Singapore Airlines' premium economy class will have the same generous
seat pitch and angle of recline that EVA Air's seats have.

"It was very comfortable and I know that not all airlines' premium economy
classes are so spacious," says Mr Loh, 42, who topped up his economy fare by
$500 to fly to Vancouver five years ago.

Ms Han says that "it would be a dream" if Singapore Airlines offered its premium
economy travellers priority boarding on flights leaving from Changi Airport.

She adds that she and her 59-year-old mother were able to join special queues in
the Paris airport as premium economy customers to get through immigration more
quickly.

"It was a bonus to be able to cut off the economy passengers," she says. She
adds that better meals, comparable to business- class meals, would be a plus. On
her Air France premium economy flight, they enjoyed meals that included a steak
dish.

Ms Balakishnan says she also hopes for an "express pass" of sorts, both in
Changi and other airports, when Singapore Airlines introduces its premium
economy class.

She says: "It would be nice not to have to stand in line at immigration upon
landing and just go straight to a priority line."

Singapore Airlines' vice-president of public affairs Nicholas Ionides says the
airline does not want to reveal the features it will offer in premium economy
just yet.

"We would prefer to keep our competitors guessing for now," he says. "But rest
assured that we will have a very competitive offering, featuring more space,
amenities and convenience."

Singapore Airlines' announcement is good news for business travellers whose
companies' travel policy might not permit business class, says Mr Andrew Wong,
regional director for TripAdvisor Flights and SeatGuru.

He says: "It is good value when the budget isn't big enough for a business-class
ticket, which could be double or triple the cost of premium economy. Yet a
premium economy seat will provide more comfort and the ability to work
in-flight.

"Singapore Airlines connects some very long routes. A 38-inch seat pitch, a
smaller cabin and more amenities can make a huge difference to arriving in
better shape."

jennanid@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday

Malaise pervades the Korean economy

BYLINE: By Lee Chang-sup

LENGTH: 959 words


The Korean economy is now in an anemic state. Pessimists are comparing the
economy to a cancer patient waiting for emergency surgery. The patient, they
say, is barely clinging to life and, without surgery, could enter a coma.

The Korean economy is now growing at just 2 percent annually, with no quick
recovery in sight. Even if drastic measures were taken, the economy would
probably not reach a sustainable 5 percent growth for the foreseeable future.

Indeed, the tumors in the economy are becoming malignant. One of the main
culprits of the economy's current state is the unsustainable household debts,
which now equal 89 percent of the nation's GDP. In 1997, Korea had to seek an
IMF bailout, mostly due to gargantuan corporate debts. Now the household debts
are likely to jolt the economy at any time. Furthermore, many retiring baby
boomers borrowed heavily to open unprofitable businesses such as restaurants,
coffee shops, bakeries, and one-person shops. Only three out of every 10
businesses owned by self-employed individuals survive, with the rest going
bankrupt in a decade, according to a study by the KB Financial Group.

Now the household debt tumor is threatening to turn cancerous, unless the
plummeting housing prices, the cause of the mounting household debt, pull out of
their nosedive. Piecemeal and stopgap measures will not solve the problem. Korea
needs unprecedented macro- and microeconomic measures through coordination of
all government agencies, including the Bank of Korea.

Other malignant tumors in the economy include the widening economic
polarization, a rapidly aging population, a low birth rate, the poverty of the
elderly, unemployment, a crumbling middle class, income inequality, chaebol's
domineering and predatory practices, and soaring rent amid falling housing
prices. The economy is currently without a guiding hand or a strong vision. The
can-do spirit is on the wane. A growing public demand for welfare benefits will
further jeopardize fiscal health.

Noted economist Jwa Seung-hee, president of the Gyeonggi Research Institute,
predicted that the Korean economy will face an extended period of zero growth
unless the economy undergoes a massive retooling. He says that this is not the
time to talk about the democratization of the economy; it is a time to chart a
roadmap for an economic takeoff. According to him, the democratization of the
economy (a euphemism for taming high-performing conglomerates) would not create
equality of wealth. Seeking equality of wealth, he believes, runs counter to the
basic tenet of capitalism. In his view, the economy has lost vitality as winners
are penalized or bullied by losers.

Another major cause of the ailing economy is the fact that it is currently run
based on personal bias and greed rather than institutional wisdom. Just a few
months ago, for instance, major banks were caught tampering with the benchmark
market interest rate that sets interest rates on all debts. The Korea Fair Trade
Commission detected the manipulative practices and issued warnings to the banks.
However, according to the commission earlier this week, 20 securities companies
colluded with each other in order to buy government and public bonds cheaply
from home and car buyers. Manipulation of the key interest rates seems to be a
rule, rather than an exception. Consumers thus plan to launch a collective
lawsuit against these manipulative bankers and brokers.

The interest rate manipulation is the natural result of the loss of oversight
power among the financial regulators. The Financial Supervisory Service is
malfunctioning, so the Korea Fair Trade Commission is forced to intervene to
regulate the financial market. The financial regulator needs immediate surgery
to prevent it from destroying the economy.

As is well known, greedy financiers on Wall Street engendered the 2008 U.S.
economic crisis. The greedy and manipulative fraudsters in Yoido, Korea's Wall
Street, may trigger a similar economic crisis today.

There are so many ideologists, political economists, and partisan politicians
that the nation is unable to chart solutions for its rudderless economy.
Technocrats have little room for maneuver in trying to get the economy back on
course.

The current economic woes are so complex that even a Keynesian fiscal stimulus,
unlimited printing of banknotes, and the lowering of the interest rate to near
zero will not suffice to kick-start the economy.

Uncertainty is deadly to the economy. Policymakers and CEOs are unable to chart
policies and business plans as they do not yet know what the next president will
do for the economy.

Indeed, the leading presidential candidates, Park Geun-hye, Moon Jae-in, and Ahn
Cheol-soo, have lost track of the priorities the Korean economy needs as they
politicize and "ideologize" the economy. They are fighting over the issues of
growth, welfare, democratization, justice, and liberty.

Even more worrisome is their apparent underestimation of the seriousness of the
economic malaise. Their economic philosophy is sometimes dogmatic and
populistic. Like blind people describing an elephant after touching only its
trunk, they seem unable to talk about the full picture of the economy.

The candidates spout ideological catchphrases such as creativity in the economy,
fairness in the economy, and innovation in the economy. However, these abstract
and confusing slogans are not enough to put the derailed economy on track again.
It is a fantasy to expect a quick economic recovery, but the next president must
be prepared to take on the role of a surgeon and remove the cancerous tumors
that are bringing Korea to the verge of paralysis.

Lee Chang-sup is the executive managing director of TheKorea Times. Contact him
at editorial@koreatimes.co.kr

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday

* AIR NEW ZEALAND;
Premium economy seats prove popular

BYLINE: VAN DEN BERGH Roeland

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DAY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 311 words


Air New Zealand will add more premium economy seats to its Boeing 747-400 fleet
because of strong demand and profit growth from the bigger seats.

Fifteen economy seats will be removed to make way for another eight premium
economy seats, taking their number to 39 on each of the eight jumbo jets by the
end of October. Premium economy gives passengers 15cm more leg room than
standard economy.

Ed Sims, Air NZ's group general manager of international airlines, said demand
for premium economy had grown steadily since the new long-haul passenger cabins
were introduced from July 2005. Eight seats were also added last October.
Premium economy bookings had jumped 10 per cent in recent months after the
business class services were introduced in December. Those changes had turned
premium economy into a low-cost business class rather than a step up from
economy, he said.

Yields from the market-leading business class and premium economy were growing
at a much faster rate than economy, which competed with capacity on rival
airlines, Sims said.

The price difference between economy and premium economy started out at between
20 per cent and 50 per cent, but that was now up to as much as 80 per cent.

Most passengers in premium economy were upgrading from economy, along with some
trading down from business. But passengers had still been prepared to pay the
extra for business class, which offered a sleeper seat.

Sims said business and premium economy seats would account for nearly 20% of all
seats, and that was expected to grow to 30%. Competing Asian carriers were also
either increasing premium economy capacity or introducing it.

The new Boeing 777-200ER fleet would get more premium economy seats later next
year. The announcement follows a decision to tighten up leg room on the domestic
Boeing 737 fleet, which will have another row of six seats added by August.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday

The International Monetary Fund's economic counsellor, Olivier Blanchard,
answers a question during the World Economic Outlook press conference on Monday
at the IMF Headquarters in Washington, DC.

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 870 words


IMF offers ways to cope with inflation

The Nation

The International Monetary Fund is drawing up a range of proposals for emerging
and developing countries to cope with increasing inflation pressure and ensure
that the present boom-like conditions do not develop into overheating over the
coming year.

Noting that inflation pressure is likely to rise as growing production comes up
against capacity constraints, it said in the "World Economic Outlook" report
released on Monday that real interest rates are still low and fiscal policies
are apprecia?bly more accommodative than before the crisis.

Appropriate action differs across economies, depending on their cyclical and
external conditions. But a tightening of macroeconomic policies is needed in
many emerging mar?ket economies, it said.

For external surplus economies, many of which manage their currencies and do not
face fiscal problems, removal of monetary accommodation and appreciation of the
exchange rate are necessary to maintain internal balance - reining in inflation
pressure and excessive credit growth - and assist in global demand rebalancing.

Many external deficit economies need to tighten fiscal and monetary policies,
possibly tolerating some overshooting of the exchange rate in the short term.
For some surplus and deficit economies, rapid credit and asset price growth warn
of a threat to financial stability. Policymakers in these economies will need to
act soon to safeguard stability and build more resilient financial systems.

Many emerging and developing economies will need to provide well-targeted
support for poor households struggling with high food prices. Capital flows to
emerging market economies resumed remarkably quickly after the crisis.

However, as policy rates in advanced economies rise from their unusually low
levels, volatile flows may again exit emerging market economies. Depending on
country-specific circumstances, and assuming appropriate macroeconomic and
prudent policies are in place, measures designed to curb inflows can play a role
in dampening impact of their excessive volatility on the real economy.

However, such measures are not a substitute for macroeconomic tightening, it
said. Greater progress in advancing global demand rebalancing is essential to
put the recovery on a stronger footing over the medium term. This will require
action by many countries, notably fiscal adjustment in key external deficit
economies and greater exchange rate flexibility and structural reforms that
eliminate distortions that boost savings in key surplus economies.

Though the peak of the crisis is now past, advanced economies should not delay
fiscal adjustment. The IMF said it would also be a mistake for emerging market
economies to delay exchange rate adjustment in the face of rising inflation
pressure. Many emerging market economies cannot afford to delay additional
policy tightening until the advanced economies undertake such tightening
themselves.

"The task facing policy-makers is to convince their national constituencies that
these policy responses are in their best economic interests, regardless of the
actions others are taking."

The "World Economic Report" forecasts global real economic growth at about 4.5
per cent in 2011 and 2012, down modestly from 5 per cent in 2010, amid many
downside risks. Real GDP in advanced economies and emerging and developing
economies is expected to expand by about 2.5 per cent and 6.5 per cent,
respectively.

Downside risks continue to outweigh upside risks, as in advanced economies, weak
sovereign balance sheets and still-moribund real estate markets continue to
present major concerns, especially in certain euro-zone economies.

New downside risks

Financial risks are also on the downside as a result of the high funding
requirements of banks and sovereigns. New downside risks are building on account
of commodity prices, notably for oil, and, related geopolitical uncertainty, as
well as overheating and booming asset markets in emerging- market economies.
However, there is also the potential for upside surprises to growth in the short
term, owing to strong corporate balance sheets in advanced economies and buoyant
demand in emerging and developing economies.

Many old policy challenges remain unaddressed even as new ones come to the fore.
In advanced economies, strengthening the recovery will require keeping monetary
policy accommodative as long as wage pressures are subdued, inflation
expectations are well anchored and bank credit is sluggish. Also, fiscal
positions need to be placed on sustainable medium-term paths by implementing
fiscal consolidation plans and entitlement reforms supported by stronger fiscal
rules and institutions.

The IMF urged the US to urgently reduce the projected deficit for fiscal year
2011. In Japan, the immediate fiscal priority is to support reconstruction. Once
reconstruction efforts are underway and the extent of the damage is better
understood, attention should turn to linking reconstruction spending to a clear
fiscal strategy for bringing down the public-debt ratio over the medium term. In
the euro zone, despite significant progress, markets remain apprehensive about
the prospects of countries under market pressure.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           Business Times (Singapore)

All about Speed, flexibility and innovation

                                  May 29, 2000

Andrew Wee


BizIT

BT EXCLUSIVE

There's little truth in the hype that "magic money' is buying into old economy
companies. In fact, the reverse seems to be true, as ANDREW WEE finds out on
PAGE 2

More old economy companies are finding it crucial to jump-start themselves into
the new economy

DESPITE all the hype about "magic money' buying into established "old economy'
companies, the trend in reality is the reverse: there are more old economy
companies buying into new economy ones.

In Singapore alone, there are enough examples -right from Creative Technology
buying into Soundbuzz.com, PixAround.com, and Mediaring.com; Kian Ann
Engineering's Horizon.com, MoreRewards.com, Postkid.com, and Fast-Foods.net; and
Datacraft Asia buying into PlaNET Technology Solutions, DFI Consulting, and
iSquare Solutions, among others.

BizIT spoke with a few key analysts to determine if this was the beginning of a
new trend. "Old economy companies are working with young, aggressive and nimble
companies to fill up the holes in their existing strategy," said Frank Smith,
Ernst & Young Global Client Consulting's managing director of e-commerce for the
Asia-Pacific region. "This is to speed up time-to-market, to boost innovation,
or achieve more flexibility."

Mr Smith said a high 40-50 per cent of the companies that E&Y worked with in its
M&A (mergers and acquisitions) business were old economy companies buying into
new economy ones. "About 30 per cent are peer-to-peer buys, such as old economy
buying into old economy, or dotcoms buying into other dotcoms," he said. "The
rest are new companies buying into old companies."

The reason: more old economy companies, which are established and profitable,
find it crucial to jump-start themselves into the new economy -and find buying
into the younger, aggressive new economy companies gives them that quick bite.

Similar sentiments came from Dane Anderson, vice-president for Internet research
at International Data Corp (IDC) Asia-Pacific. He said although strong new
economy companies could buy old companies, their valuations would get hit and
they would have less money to play with. The reverse, on the other hand, would
make more business sense. "The Internet is a great medium and a lot of pure-play
Net companies have developed great business models, but they still need the
infrastructure, local support, logistics and marketing knowledge to rise to the
next level," he said. "Our research shows that there is a surge in
brick-and-mortar companies on the Net. They have the value of a brand and
they're starting to understand the Internet better and competing with the pure
Internet companies."

When new economy companies acquire old economy assets, they take advantage of
their new-found currency their inflated market valuation and convert them into
hard assets, said Willie Cheng, country managing partner of Andersen Consulting.

For old economy companies, buying into a Net company may provide the seed for
the e-transformation of the mother company, Mr Cheng said. It could lead to the
old economy firm investing in the e-business model of the new economy one to
enhance its capital returns. "In one sense, both trends lead to the combining of
the old and the new," he said. "The underlying rationale is that pure dotcoms
would have a hard time surviving the onslaught of competition. On the other
hand, brick-and-mortar firms that stay as such would lose out on the new way of
doing business. Combining the two would result in the best of both worlds."

Where would this trend end? "In the long term, there will not be any old and new
economy companies; only new economy ones," Mr Anderson said. "Any company that
doesn't embrace the Internet is going to fail and won't survive. In Singapore,
government involvement has been very helpful to the computer industry -that can
only help the new economy. "Countries like China, Japan and South Korea have a
large domestic population to support its new economy companies, while Singapore
has a small population. The challenge is for the new economy companies here to
find a way to transcend its borders successfully."

Buying spree: Creative's Sim Wong Hoo (right) and Soundbuzz.com's Sudhanshu
Sarronwala (main picture). PostKid.com was recently acquired by Kian Ann Engg

Acquisition trail

Old money buying new companies (S'pore)

* Creative Technology -Soundbuzz.com, PixAround.com, MediaRing. * Kian Ann
Engineering's Cybergeneration -Horizon.com, MoreRewards.com, Postkid.com,
Fast-Foods.net * Datacraft Asia -PlaNET Technology Solutions, DFI Consulting,
iSquare Solutions. * SMB United First Cube * Nobel Design Holdings -Dynamic
Furniture Pte Ltd (Buylateral.com) * SPH Buzzcity, CommonTown * Ossia
International AceFusion.com

New money buying old companies (S'pore)

* Primefield Company -Lim Kah Ngam * WizOffice.com -Cargo-EX * EBBiS Group
-Info-Tools * MediaRing -World of Sports

New money buying old companies (Int'l)

* Pacific Centure Cyberworks -Cable & Wireless Hongkong Telecomn * AOL -Time
Warner * Softbank -Morningstar


SECTION: Special Section; Pg. 1,SS2

LENGTH: 848 words

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Buying spree: Creative's Sim Wong Hoo (right) and Soundbuzz.com's
Sudhanshu Sarronwala) (Page SS1); (PostKid.com) (Page SS1); (Willie Cheng) (Page
SS2)

                   Copyright 2000 Times Business Publications


                              90 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

We're facing a very different global economic crisis

LENGTH: 992 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 Leo Tolstoy famously wrote that "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy
family is unhappy in its own way." It would appear that the same might be said
of different global economic crises. For instance, the 2008 global economic
crisis differed fundamentally from that of 1998. Now it would seem that the
global economic crisis that is presently brewing in 2016 has its own special
characteristics. That will almost certainly make this crisis very different,
though possibly no less severe, from both those in 1998 and 2008.





 For all of today's vulnerabilities in the world economy, unlike in 2008, they
are not centered in the United States. In particular, the main threat to today's
global economy is not a major bubble in the U.S. housing market, nor is it one
of very high leverage and the excessive use of derivatives in the U.S. financial
sector. Indeed, if anything, the U.S. economy is one of the few sources of
strength in today's very troubled global economy.



 Similarly for all of today's weaknesses in the emerging market economies,
unlike in the 1998 crisis, fixed exchange rates of the sort that prevailed
throughout Asia and Latin America in 1998 are not one of them. For the most
part, having learned from the 1998 crisis of the dangers of overly rigid
exchange rate policies and of currency crisis contagion, practically all of the
major emerging market economies have moved to very much more flexible exchange
rate policies. They are also generally now going into the brewing economic
crisis with much lower public debt levels and more balanced public finances than
before.



 One of the major distinctions between the global economy today from 1998 and
2008 is that its center of gravity has shifted dramatically away from the
world's industrialized economies to the emerging market economies. As a result
of many years of very rapid growth in the emerging markets and of sclerotic
performance in the industrialized economies, China has now become the world's
second largest economy, while the emerging market economies, including China,
now account for over 40 percent of the world economy. This makes developments in
those countries today much more important for the global economy than was the
case in either 1998 or 2008.



 Yet another fundamental distinction between today's global economy and those of
1998 and 2008 is that the world's central banks are now running out of room for
policy maneuver. Unlike in 1998 and 2008, when at the outset of the economic
crisis, interest rates in the world's major economies were far from the
zero-bound interest rate, today we find that they have been stuck at that rate
for many years. Similarly, we now find that the world's major central banks have
already gone well down the road of unorthodox monetary policies with apparently
diminishing returns. This has to raise basic questions as to how effective might
those central banks be in moderating a renewed global economic downturn through
additional monetary policy action.



 Perhaps the most fundamental distinction between today's global economy and
those of 1998 and 2008 are the many more sources of vulnerability today than in
the previous crises. Sadly, unlike in both 1998 and 2008, when the global
economic crisis emanated from a confined geographical area, today's crisis has
the potential of being driven by events not only in China and the emerging
market economies but also by events in the European economic periphery, the
United Kingdom and Japan.



 The multiplicity of serious trouble spots in today's global economy might be
underlined by considering three major fault lines. First, China, which earlier
was the main engine of global economic growth, is now undergoing a major
transition away from its earlier investment and export-led model that is almost
certain to result in a major slowing in that economy. This is all the more so
the case considering that it is occurring at a time when the country is
experiencing a major outflow of capital as Chinese residents lose confidence in
their economy. That has the potential to cause China to further depreciate its
currency, which could very well result in a global currency war.



 Second, the major emerging market economies like Brazil, Russia and South
Africa are being hit by a major commodity bust that shows little sign of ending
anytime soon. This has to be of systemic concern not simply because of the
increased relative importance of these countries to the global economy, but
rather because the corporate sectors of these economies could soon start
defaulting on the major debt mountains that they have built up during the boom
years.



 Third, economic and political developments in Europe suggest that any slowing
in the global economy could reignite the European sovereign debt crisis.
Economies in the European economic periphery are still drowning in debt.
Meanwhile, they have generally now elected governments that are opposed to the
budget austerity and structural economic reform that might have held out the
prospect that those countries might eventually grow their way out of their debt
problems. To compound matters, the European banks are holding an excessive
amount of troubled sovereign debt, while it does not help that fears about a
"Brexit" ahead of a likely referendum on this question in June 2016 will
heighten European economic uncertainty.



 All the evidence cited above would strongly suggest that the global economic
crisis of 2016 will not resemble either 1998 or 2008. However, that is not to
say that it will be any less painful or deep given the multiplicity of
vulnerabilities. That would especially seem to be the case should global
policymakers continue to underestimate the likely severity of the forthcoming
global economic crisis.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

We're facing a very different global economic crisis

LENGTH: 992 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 Leo Tolstoy famously wrote that "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy
family is unhappy in its own way." It would appear that the same might be said
of different global economic crises. For instance, the 2008 global economic
crisis differed fundamentally from that of 1998. Now it would seem that the
global economic crisis that is presently brewing in 2016 has its own special
characteristics. That will almost certainly make this crisis very different,
though possibly no less severe, from both those in 1998 and 2008.





 For all of today's vulnerabilities in the world economy, unlike in 2008, they
are not centered in the United States. In particular, the main threat to today's
global economy is not a major bubble in the U.S. housing market, nor is it one
of very high leverage and the excessive use of derivatives in the U.S. financial
sector. Indeed, if anything, the U.S. economy is one of the few sources of
strength in today's very troubled global economy.



 Similarly for all of today's weaknesses in the emerging market economies,
unlike in the 1998 crisis, fixed exchange rates of the sort that prevailed
throughout Asia and Latin America in 1998 are not one of them. For the most
part, having learned from the 1998 crisis of the dangers of overly rigid
exchange rate policies and of currency crisis contagion, practically all of the
major emerging market economies have moved to very much more flexible exchange
rate policies. They are also generally now going into the brewing economic
crisis with much lower public debt levels and more balanced public finances than
before.



 One of the major distinctions between the global economy today from 1998 and
2008 is that its center of gravity has shifted dramatically away from the
world's industrialized economies to the emerging market economies. As a result
of many years of very rapid growth in the emerging markets and of sclerotic
performance in the industrialized economies, China has now become the world's
second largest economy, while the emerging market economies, including China,
now account for over 40 percent of the world economy. This makes developments in
those countries today much more important for the global economy than was the
case in either 1998 or 2008.



 Yet another fundamental distinction between today's global economy and those of
1998 and 2008 is that the world's central banks are now running out of room for
policy maneuver. Unlike in 1998 and 2008, when at the outset of the economic
crisis, interest rates in the world's major economies were far from the
zero-bound interest rate, today we find that they have been stuck at that rate
for many years. Similarly, we now find that the world's major central banks have
already gone well down the road of unorthodox monetary policies with apparently
diminishing returns. This has to raise basic questions as to how effective might
those central banks be in moderating a renewed global economic downturn through
additional monetary policy action.



 Perhaps the most fundamental distinction between today's global economy and
those of 1998 and 2008 are the many more sources of vulnerability today than in
the previous crises. Sadly, unlike in both 1998 and 2008, when the global
economic crisis emanated from a confined geographical area, today's crisis has
the potential of being driven by events not only in China and the emerging
market economies but also by events in the European economic periphery, the
United Kingdom and Japan.



 The multiplicity of serious trouble spots in today's global economy might be
underlined by considering three major fault lines. First, China, which earlier
was the main engine of global economic growth, is now undergoing a major
transition away from its earlier investment and export-led model that is almost
certain to result in a major slowing in that economy. This is all the more so
the case considering that it is occurring at a time when the country is
experiencing a major outflow of capital as Chinese residents lose confidence in
their economy. That has the potential to cause China to further depreciate its
currency, which could very well result in a global currency war.



 Second, the major emerging market economies like Brazil, Russia and South
Africa are being hit by a major commodity bust that shows little sign of ending
anytime soon. This has to be of systemic concern not simply because of the
increased relative importance of these countries to the global economy, but
rather because the corporate sectors of these economies could soon start
defaulting on the major debt mountains that they have built up during the boom
years.



 Third, economic and political developments in Europe suggest that any slowing
in the global economy could reignite the European sovereign debt crisis.
Economies in the European economic periphery are still drowning in debt.
Meanwhile, they have generally now elected governments that are opposed to the
budget austerity and structural economic reform that might have held out the
prospect that those countries might eventually grow their way out of their debt
problems. To compound matters, the European banks are holding an excessive
amount of troubled sovereign debt, while it does not help that fears about a
"Brexit" ahead of a likely referendum on this question in June 2016 will
heighten European economic uncertainty.



 All the evidence cited above would strongly suggest that the global economic
crisis of 2016 will not resemble either 1998 or 2008. However, that is not to
say that it will be any less painful or deep given the multiplicity of
vulnerabilities. That would especially seem to be the case should global
policymakers continue to underestimate the likely severity of the forthcoming
global economic crisis.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

We're facing a very different global economic crisis

LENGTH: 992 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 Leo Tolstoy famously wrote that "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy
family is unhappy in its own way." It would appear that the same might be said
of different global economic crises. For instance, the 2008 global economic
crisis differed fundamentally from that of 1998. Now it would seem that the
global economic crisis that is presently brewing in 2016 has its own special
characteristics. That will almost certainly make this crisis very different,
though possibly no less severe, from both those in 1998 and 2008.





 For all of today's vulnerabilities in the world economy, unlike in 2008, they
are not centered in the United States. In particular, the main threat to today's
global economy is not a major bubble in the U.S. housing market, nor is it one
of very high leverage and the excessive use of derivatives in the U.S. financial
sector. Indeed, if anything, the U.S. economy is one of the few sources of
strength in today's very troubled global economy.



 Similarly for all of today's weaknesses in the emerging market economies,
unlike in the 1998 crisis, fixed exchange rates of the sort that prevailed
throughout Asia and Latin America in 1998 are not one of them. For the most
part, having learned from the 1998 crisis of the dangers of overly rigid
exchange rate policies and of currency crisis contagion, practically all of the
major emerging market economies have moved to very much more flexible exchange
rate policies. They are also generally now going into the brewing economic
crisis with much lower public debt levels and more balanced public finances than
before.



 One of the major distinctions between the global economy today from 1998 and
2008 is that its center of gravity has shifted dramatically away from the
world's industrialized economies to the emerging market economies. As a result
of many years of very rapid growth in the emerging markets and of sclerotic
performance in the industrialized economies, China has now become the world's
second largest economy, while the emerging market economies, including China,
now account for over 40 percent of the world economy. This makes developments in
those countries today much more important for the global economy than was the
case in either 1998 or 2008.



 Yet another fundamental distinction between today's global economy and those of
1998 and 2008 is that the world's central banks are now running out of room for
policy maneuver. Unlike in 1998 and 2008, when at the outset of the economic
crisis, interest rates in the world's major economies were far from the
zero-bound interest rate, today we find that they have been stuck at that rate
for many years. Similarly, we now find that the world's major central banks have
already gone well down the road of unorthodox monetary policies with apparently
diminishing returns. This has to raise basic questions as to how effective might
those central banks be in moderating a renewed global economic downturn through
additional monetary policy action.



 Perhaps the most fundamental distinction between today's global economy and
those of 1998 and 2008 are the many more sources of vulnerability today than in
the previous crises. Sadly, unlike in both 1998 and 2008, when the global
economic crisis emanated from a confined geographical area, today's crisis has
the potential of being driven by events not only in China and the emerging
market economies but also by events in the European economic periphery, the
United Kingdom and Japan.



 The multiplicity of serious trouble spots in today's global economy might be
underlined by considering three major fault lines. First, China, which earlier
was the main engine of global economic growth, is now undergoing a major
transition away from its earlier investment and export-led model that is almost
certain to result in a major slowing in that economy. This is all the more so
the case considering that it is occurring at a time when the country is
experiencing a major outflow of capital as Chinese residents lose confidence in
their economy. That has the potential to cause China to further depreciate its
currency, which could very well result in a global currency war.



 Second, the major emerging market economies like Brazil, Russia and South
Africa are being hit by a major commodity bust that shows little sign of ending
anytime soon. This has to be of systemic concern not simply because of the
increased relative importance of these countries to the global economy, but
rather because the corporate sectors of these economies could soon start
defaulting on the major debt mountains that they have built up during the boom
years.



 Third, economic and political developments in Europe suggest that any slowing
in the global economy could reignite the European sovereign debt crisis.
Economies in the European economic periphery are still drowning in debt.
Meanwhile, they have generally now elected governments that are opposed to the
budget austerity and structural economic reform that might have held out the
prospect that those countries might eventually grow their way out of their debt
problems. To compound matters, the European banks are holding an excessive
amount of troubled sovereign debt, while it does not help that fears about a
"Brexit" ahead of a likely referendum on this question in June 2016 will
heighten European economic uncertainty.



 All the evidence cited above would strongly suggest that the global economic
crisis of 2016 will not resemble either 1998 or 2008. However, that is not to
say that it will be any less painful or deep given the multiplicity of
vulnerabilities. That would especially seem to be the case should global
policymakers continue to underestimate the likely severity of the forthcoming
global economic crisis.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

We're facing a very different global economic crisis

LENGTH: 992 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 Leo Tolstoy famously wrote that "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy
family is unhappy in its own way." It would appear that the same might be said
of different global economic crises. For instance, the 2008 global economic
crisis differed fundamentally from that of 1998. Now it would seem that the
global economic crisis that is presently brewing in 2016 has its own special
characteristics. That will almost certainly make this crisis very different,
though possibly no less severe, from both those in 1998 and 2008.





 For all of today's vulnerabilities in the world economy, unlike in 2008, they
are not centered in the United States. In particular, the main threat to today's
global economy is not a major bubble in the U.S. housing market, nor is it one
of very high leverage and the excessive use of derivatives in the U.S. financial
sector. Indeed, if anything, the U.S. economy is one of the few sources of
strength in today's very troubled global economy.



 Similarly for all of today's weaknesses in the emerging market economies,
unlike in the 1998 crisis, fixed exchange rates of the sort that prevailed
throughout Asia and Latin America in 1998 are not one of them. For the most
part, having learned from the 1998 crisis of the dangers of overly rigid
exchange rate policies and of currency crisis contagion, practically all of the
major emerging market economies have moved to very much more flexible exchange
rate policies. They are also generally now going into the brewing economic
crisis with much lower public debt levels and more balanced public finances than
before.



 One of the major distinctions between the global economy today from 1998 and
2008 is that its center of gravity has shifted dramatically away from the
world's industrialized economies to the emerging market economies. As a result
of many years of very rapid growth in the emerging markets and of sclerotic
performance in the industrialized economies, China has now become the world's
second largest economy, while the emerging market economies, including China,
now account for over 40 percent of the world economy. This makes developments in
those countries today much more important for the global economy than was the
case in either 1998 or 2008.



 Yet another fundamental distinction between today's global economy and those of
1998 and 2008 is that the world's central banks are now running out of room for
policy maneuver. Unlike in 1998 and 2008, when at the outset of the economic
crisis, interest rates in the world's major economies were far from the
zero-bound interest rate, today we find that they have been stuck at that rate
for many years. Similarly, we now find that the world's major central banks have
already gone well down the road of unorthodox monetary policies with apparently
diminishing returns. This has to raise basic questions as to how effective might
those central banks be in moderating a renewed global economic downturn through
additional monetary policy action.



 Perhaps the most fundamental distinction between today's global economy and
those of 1998 and 2008 are the many more sources of vulnerability today than in
the previous crises. Sadly, unlike in both 1998 and 2008, when the global
economic crisis emanated from a confined geographical area, today's crisis has
the potential of being driven by events not only in China and the emerging
market economies but also by events in the European economic periphery, the
United Kingdom and Japan.



 The multiplicity of serious trouble spots in today's global economy might be
underlined by considering three major fault lines. First, China, which earlier
was the main engine of global economic growth, is now undergoing a major
transition away from its earlier investment and export-led model that is almost
certain to result in a major slowing in that economy. This is all the more so
the case considering that it is occurring at a time when the country is
experiencing a major outflow of capital as Chinese residents lose confidence in
their economy. That has the potential to cause China to further depreciate its
currency, which could very well result in a global currency war.



 Second, the major emerging market economies like Brazil, Russia and South
Africa are being hit by a major commodity bust that shows little sign of ending
anytime soon. This has to be of systemic concern not simply because of the
increased relative importance of these countries to the global economy, but
rather because the corporate sectors of these economies could soon start
defaulting on the major debt mountains that they have built up during the boom
years.



 Third, economic and political developments in Europe suggest that any slowing
in the global economy could reignite the European sovereign debt crisis.
Economies in the European economic periphery are still drowning in debt.
Meanwhile, they have generally now elected governments that are opposed to the
budget austerity and structural economic reform that might have held out the
prospect that those countries might eventually grow their way out of their debt
problems. To compound matters, the European banks are holding an excessive
amount of troubled sovereign debt, while it does not help that fears about a
"Brexit" ahead of a likely referendum on this question in June 2016 will
heighten European economic uncertainty.



 All the evidence cited above would strongly suggest that the global economic
crisis of 2016 will not resemble either 1998 or 2008. However, that is not to
say that it will be any less painful or deep given the multiplicity of
vulnerabilities. That would especially seem to be the case should global
policymakers continue to underestimate the likely severity of the forthcoming
global economic crisis.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

High-tech park growing local innovation

LENGTH: 710  words


Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

Chengdu plans to launch more high-tech enterprises over the next three years to
drive the city's economy and innovative strengths amid China's industrial
upgrading.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday

'Use rewards to tame shadow economy'

BYLINE: By Kim Bo-eun

LENGTH: 1589 words


Unregistered private moneylendersâ[#x20ac][TM] business cards are scattered on a
street in Myeong-dong, one of Seoulâ[#x20ac][TM]s popular shopping districts.
These businesses do not pay taxes on earnings generated from money lending
operations. The Park Geun-hye administration is trying to curb such forms of tax
evasion and other underground economic activities to raise much-needed tax
revenue to finance a wide range of welfare programs. / Korea Times file

Some experts question effects of punitive measures on underground economy

The Park Geun-hye administration has launched a full-scale campaign to collect
as much tax revenue as possible to finance a slew of welfare-related programs
that will cost 135 trillion won ($120 billion) over the next five years. Under
Parkâ[#x20ac][TM]s orders, tax collectors have rolled out a series of punitive
measures against tax dodgers and others engaging in economic activities under
the radar.

However, questions are being raised about whether the crackdown will be
effective in achieving the governmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s stated goals. There are
concerns that this may backfire by encouraging more people to hide in the
shadows.

Experts suggest that if the government wants to raise tax revenue by reducing
the size of the underground economy, it should resort to market-economy
principles. It needs to offer incentives attractive enough to make businesses
willing to come out of the shadow economy by making their financial activities
transparent.

Increasing incentives while reducing regulation and tax will help scale down the
underground economy, according to Friedrich Schneider, professor of economics at
Austriaâ[#x20ac][TM]s Johannes Kepler University of Linz. The so-called
underground economy encompasses all productive business and economic activities,
legal and illegal, which are not officially recorded.

â[#x20ac]oeKorea needs â[#x20ac][#x2dc]incentive-oriented measuresâ[#x20ac][TM]
to tackle the underground economy,â[#x20ac] the shadow economy expert told The
Korea Timesâ[#x20ac][TM] Business Focus in an e-mail interview.

Friedrich Scheider, professor of economics at the Johannes Kepler University of
LinzIncentive-oriented measures refer to those that provide economic rewards,
such as reducing taxes for businesses that bring their activities out of the
shadow economy. For example, value-added tax can be reduced for businesses in
the underground economy when they report their income tax.

â[#x20ac]oeTo reduce the size of the shadow economy, the government needs to
trace back to why it grew in the first place,â[#x20ac] Schneider said.

According to the economist, businesses operate in the underground economy
because it is more profitable than in the overground economy. This is because
the overground economy is subject to heavy taxes and regulation. Meanwhile,
consumers buy goods and services in the shadow economy because they are cheaper
and better there.

To eliminate the underground economy, Schneider says that
â[#x20ac]oeDeregulation must take place, as well as the collection of less
tax.â[#x20ac]

A 2012 paper Schneider co-authored with Professor Andreas Buehn of Utrecht
University, which analyzed the driving forces of the shadow economies of the 39
countries including those in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD), stated â[#x20ac]oeDespite the strong focus of the nations on
deterrence policies to fight the shadow economy and the unambiguous insights of
the traditional economic theory of tax non-compliance, surprisingly little is
known about the effects of deterrence from empirical studies.â[#x20ac]

Moreover, the economist called for the improvement of Koreansâ[#x20ac][TM] tax
morale. In Korea, low tax morale was among the top three factors contributing to
the underground economy, along with self-employment and GDP growth.

â[#x20ac]oeTax morale is boosted when the government does a good job; when there
is no bribery, political or corruption scandals,â[#x20ac] he said.

In the same paper, Schneider and Buehn also cited that tax compliance is driven
by a psychological tax contract that entails the rights and obligations of
taxpayers and citizens, and that taxpayers are more heavily inclined to pay
their taxes honestly if they get valuable public services in exchange.

However, Schneider pointed out that Korea has actually made progress in the past
decade in reducing the size of its underground economy. â[#x20ac]oeDue to the
strong growth of the official economy, the shadow economy of Korea has already
been considerably reduced from 27.5 percent of the GDP in 2000 to 24.7 in 2010.
This is a real success,â[#x20ac] he said.

According to the joint paper, Koreaâ[#x20ac][TM]s shadow economy took up 26.3
percent of the nationâ[#x20ac][TM]s GDP for the period 1999 to 2010. This figure
was significantly higher than the OECD average percent of 20.3 percent.

The figure was much smaller than those of other member states with the largest
underground economies, such as Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, whose underground
economies accounted for 34.6 percent, 32.2 percent and 30.6 percent of their
GDPs, respectively. On the other hand, it was substantially higher than those of
other member countries with the smallest shadow economies, such as Switzerland,
the United States and Luxembourg, whose underground economies accounted for 8.3
percent, 8.7 percent and 9.6 percent of their GDPs, respectively.

Governmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s pledge

The fight against the underground economy has been a key slogan for President
Park Geun-hye since last year. The Park administration has vowed to crack down
on related activities to bring tax evaders to justice and to secure a new source
of tax revenue to support its welfare pledges.

In its announcement of a tax code overhaul earlier this month, the Ministry of
Strategy and Finance unveiled its plans on how it would bring the underground
economy out into the open.

These include obligating individuals to report overseas financial assets and
sources worth more than 1 billion won and companies to submit transaction
records for business establishments overseas. Those who fail to meet these
obligations are suject to heavy fines.

The regularization of the underground economy is receiving further attention,
following the latest revisions to the tax code which leaves a gap of tax revenue
amounting to 440 billion won. Because the Park administration had promised not
to collect additional taxes, it is aiming instead to dig up new sources of tax
revenue from the shadow economy, which include tax-dodging self-employed
professionals earning high incomes.

However, these coercive measures may not be the most effective means for
preventing tax evasion, Schneider pointed out.

Obstacles

A report released last month by Cho Young-moo, a research fellow at LG Economic
Research Institute, raised the growth of the cash economy in Korea as a red
flag. The report defined cash economy as that in which goods and services are
paid for in cash.

According to the report, cash is increasing relative to other currency
indicators, and the rate at which cash is recollected from the central bank
relative to the amount of cash supplied is rapidly falling. The report also
stated that both money velocity and the rate of credit card transactions are
decreasing.

Cho stated that such indicators show that while the government is issuing
greater amounts of currency, the currency fails to circulate and seems to
disappear.

â[#x20ac]oeIt seems the high income self-employed and high-priced property
holders are trying to hide their business activities and assets due to the
expectation that the government will crack down on them in an attempt to secure
greater tax revenue,â[#x20ac] Cho told Business Focus.

â[#x20ac]oeLow interest rates have also seemed to contribute to the phenomenon
of holding cash, as the opportunity cost of forgoing interest rates is
low.â[#x20ac]

Cho went on to link the cash economy with the growth of the shadow economy,
referring to the 2012 paper by Schneider and Buehn. According to the paper, the
size of Koreaâ[#x20ac][TM]s shadow economy as a percentage of GDP decreased from
27.5 percent in 2000 to 24.5 percent in 2009, but grew to 24.7 percent in 2010.

Similarly, the average size of the shadow economy in OECD countries declined
from 20.7 percent in 2000 to 18.3 percent in 2009. However, in contrast to the
case of Korea, the OECD figure remained the same in 2010.

Cho pointed out that the expansion of Koreaâ[#x20ac][TM]s shadow economy
occurred immediately after the government began printing 50,000 won notes and
that the currency volatility started slowing down in the second half of 2009.

To this end, he cautioned against reducing the income deduction rate for using
credit cards, referring to the measure included in the tax code overhaul
announced by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance earlier this month. The new
measure lowered the income deduction rate for using credit cards from 15 percent
to 10 percent in order to increase tax revenue.

â[#x20ac]oeThe financial authorities need to expand the amount of transactions
they are able to keep track of, and in this sense, reducing the income deduction
rate for the use of credit cards should not be rashly implemented,â[#x20ac] Cho
said.

However, Cho added that if such measures are inevitable, they should be
implemented at a time and in a way that takes the size and growth of the cash
economy into account. The researcher also suggested that the government take
measures to address the uncertainty that is causing people to turn to cash
transactions.

â[#x20ac]oeThe government needs to gain greater access to financial transaction
data collected by the Financial Intelligence Unit. It also needs to toughen
penalties for tax dodgers as well as try to boost tax morale through educating
the public,â[#x20ac] he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday

A premium economy seat - the more accessible perk;
Wider and with more legroom, these seats can be found on long-haul flights to
Asia or Europe, but not as much in North America

BYLINE: WALLACE IMMEN

SECTION: TRAVEL BUSINESS SPECIAL REPORT; BUSINESS TRAVEL / UPGRADES; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1265 words


You're not alone these days if corporate cost-cutting policies are forcing you
to book economy flights rather than business. The accountants may not realize
that sitting in a middle seat just ahead of the lavatory might put a squeeze on
your ability to be productive en route, not to mention your ability to relax
enough to be ready to do business when you arrive.

But what can you do?

It's been a long time since the advice of dressing for success and asking
politely for an upgrade at the gate could score you a bigger seat. Unless you
happen to be a platinum elite member of the airline's frequent-flier program or
are willing to give up thousands of your personal air reward points to buy
yourself an upgrade, booking economy means flying in economy.

But on an increasing number of flights, there is an option that gives you the
added comfort and legroom of a premium seat while still technically flying in
the cheaper part of the plane.

By booking premium economy, business travellers can get a more comfortable seat
and still meet company policy for economy travel, says Lauren Sullivan, site
editor for cheapflights.ca. In a scan of fares available online, she found it
costs an average of 50 to 60 per cent more to fly in premium economy rather than
economy to Europe from Toronto, no matter the month.

"They're seldom discounted. Business-class seats may be had for about a third
off their full price if you're booking more than two months in advance, but even
at that, premium economy is still at least half as expensive as business and may
include much of the same comfort and perks, Ms. Sullivan says. "With that in
mind, premium economy is a much more accessible perk or upgrade."

On a recent Air France flight to Paris from Toronto, I was in a seat in the
separate premium economy cabin. It had the size and feel of a business seat,
with options such as an adjustable reading light, noise-cancelling earphones, an
amenities kit, a bottle of water and business-class meals. It cost about 50 per
cent more than economy, but the round trip was at least $3,000 less than what it
would have cost to fly in business class, whose advantage is seats that recline
into a bed.

There has been a proliferation of introductions of premium economy seats on
longer-haul flights this year.

This fall, Cathay Pacific's Toronto and Vancouver flights to Hong Kong were the
first to get planes equipped with a new premium economy service. "Canada is a
sophisticated market and we got priority over other routes," according to
spokeswoman Jennifer Pearson in Vancouver.

The new seat offers six inches more space than regular economy and the seat is
wider and has a bigger recline.

British Airways has offered bigger World Traveller Plus economy seats for
several years, and is in the process of upgrading the service with new seats,
larger in-seat entertainment choices and ports for personal electronic devices,
New York-based BA spokeswoman Caroline Titmuss says. The bigger seats have more
leg room and recline more than in economy, and menus from the Club World
Business class have become extremely popular with both business and leisure
travellers, she says.

An alternative for business fliers to Paris is a special British Airways service
called Open Skies. A custom-furnished fleet of planes flying between Kennedy
Airport in New York or Newark Airport in New Jersey and Paris is laid out with
economy seats with leather upholstery, a premium-plus cabin with 28 leather
seats that recline almost into a flat bed and business class with 20 seats that
recline fully into beds. All customers are offered fast-track priority through
airport security and a personal iPad loaded with more than 70 hours of
entertainment.

The premium seat trend has been slower to catch on in North America.

Air Canada has been offering what it calls Comfort Plus on an experimental basis
on three of its 767 airplanes that fly from Toronto to Athens, Barcelona or
Dublin and from Montreal to Athens or Barcelona. For an extra $149 to $249 each
way, passengers get bigger seats with an extra 10 inches of legroom. But there
are no plans to expand the service to other international or domestic routes,
says Peter Fitzpatrick, spokesman for Air Canada in Toronto.

"Premium economy is a trend that we are studying. While it clearly provides some
benefits and more airlines are offering this class of service, the big factor is
the capital cost to transform airplanes," he says.

WestJet is reconfiguring its planes to offer premium seats with more legroom.
Customers seats will receive priority boarding, complimentary inflight amenities
and greater flexibility to make changes to their itinerary for free.

And Air Transat offers Club Class cabins, whose seats are spaced three inches
further apart than economy. For an upgrade fee of $200 to $300 a flight,
passengers receive a 40-kilogram baggage allowance, separate check-in and
priority boarding and upgraded meals..

U.S. carriers United and Delta offer premium space by just shifting some seats
at the front of the economy section further apart. United Airlines found it
could get people to upgrade at the gate for Economy Plus, for an extra $19 to
$99 (U.S.) depending on the length of the flight, to get between four and five
inches more legroom between seats. It's now expanding the concept to the
Continental Airlines fleet.

When planning a trip, Ms. Sullivan suggests searching several airlines that have
premium economy seats because the best premium economy fares may not be on the
same airline with the best regular economy fare.

"Search specifically for a premium economy ticket and price versus an upgrade on
the airline where you are considering booking," she advises.

The worst time to book premium economy is at the last minute, when the premium
can be as much as 80 per cent higher than economy. However, you may be able to
get a deal if you offer to buy an upgrade at the airport when you check in, Ms.
Sullivan suggests. "The flight may have unsold seats, or an elite passenger who
gets moved up to business class, and you can make an offer."

The strategy works best with U.S. airlines out of hubs such as New York or
Chicago that have more competition than Canadian airports.

********

Comparing premium economy seats

SEAT...................................................................PITCH
(inches).....WIDTH (inches)

Air Canada standard economy seat................31 or 32.................17.5

Air Canada Comfort
Class................................38..........................23.5

Air France standard economy.
..........................32..........................17

Air France Premium
Voyageur..........................38..........................19

Air New Zealand standard economy.
................32..........................17.5

Air New Zealand
premium..................................41..........................17.8

British Airways economy.
...................................31..........................17.5

British Airways World Traveller
Plus..................38..........................18.5

Cathay Pacific economy.
....................................32..........................17.5

Cathay Pacific premium economy.
....................38..........................19.3

Openskies (New York to Paris
only)..................52..........................20

United airlines economy.
.....................................31..........................17

United Airlines Economy
Plus............................35..........................17

CARRIE COCKBURN / THE GLOBE AND MAIL

SOURCE: WWW.SEATGURU.COM

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 4, 2006 Saturday

India to be among Top 3 economies by '26

BYLINE: Shivom Chakravarti, The Economic Times, India

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


Mar. 4--The world economy saw phenomenal growth in '05, with the level of growth
being particularly robust in the Indian and Chinese economy. In fact, the '05
period also saw the revival of the US economy, which grew by 4.4 percent.

However, this momentum of growth may not carry on into '06, and there are a
number risks that could temper global economic growth in '06. Global monetary
tightening, a further oil price shock, a possibility of a currency crises, and
the bursting of the housing bubble are just some factors that could temper
economic growth in '06.

It should be noted that the slow down in economic growth expected in '06, does
not imply an economic slump in global markets.

Despite an expected slow down of global economic growth in '06, the Indian
economy seems set to maintain its growth momentum.

In a speech, Daniel Franklin, the executive director of the Economist
Intelligence Unit pointed out that the Indian economy could emerge as the
third-largest economy in the world in '26, as per GDP measured in purchasing
power parity terms.

With China overtaking the US and emerging as the leading world economy, and US
taking second spot, as per GDP measured from purchasing power parity terms.
However, GDP measured at market prices would see the Indian economy lagging way
behind economies like Japan, Germany, US and China.

Interestingly enough, Mr Franklin points out that while at the aggregate level
the Indian economy will grow substantially, India's GDP per head in '30 will be
well below other economies like US, Japan, and China.

Recently, the spread of bird flu has been spotted as a major source of risk to
global economic growth. There is growing news of the spread of bird flu from the
European region to the African region, and is now even being seen in India.

Now the spread of bird flu could severely hamper poultry farming, and people
dependent on poultry farming, this could eventually impact economic growth in a
region.

The world economy is in the midst of a massive housing price bubble, especially
in the US. The economist intelligence unit has pointed out that global house
bubble being witnessed is the biggest financial bubble in global financial
history.

An eventual bursting of this bubble in '06 could dent the pockets of a number of
consumers especially in the US, eventually leading to lower consumption
expenditure in the US economy.

A drop in consumption in the US economy could hamper growth in a number of
emerging economies like India and China.

However, most emerging economies like India and China would continue to thrive
and grow. In surveys conducted by the economist intelligence unit a number of
the respondents felt that the Asia-Pacific regions would offer the greatest
growth prospects for business in the next three years, followed by central or
eastern Europe.

However, at the same time, a number of respondents felt that the Asian-Pacific
regions could be one of the most risky economies for business in the next three
years.

To see more of The Economic Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com Copyright (c) 2006, The Economic Times,
India Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060304-ET-ECONOMIES-20060304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ET


                       Copyright 2006 The Economic Times


                              98 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             May 15, 1993 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

ASIA TAKING BIGGER SLICE OF THE GLOBAL ECONOMIC PIE;
GITTINS ON SATURDAY

BYLINE: ROSS GITTINS Economics Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 1451 words


Most of us realise the importance of the prospects for the world economy to the
prospects for our own economy. But the shape of the world economy is changing in
ways many of us have yet to appreciate.

The world economy has been languishing. When it resumes a healthy rate of
growth, our economy will be pulled up with it. We'll be able to sell more
exports and we'll get higher prices for our exports of rural and mineral
commodities. Until that happens we won't get far.

But what exactly do we mean by the "world economy"? And which countries matter
most in the world economy?

The truth is that, often, what we refer to as the world economy is actually just
the total of the developed economies. That's partly because the main forecasts
and figures we get for the "world economy" come from the Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development, the Paris-based club of the world's 23
rich nations.

The developed world boils down to the United States, Japan and Europe (plus
Canada, Australia and New Zealand). We've had the view that, if you had the big
three tabbed, you'd pretty much got the world covered.

There were the developing countries, of course, but they didn't amount to much.
And, in any case, the fortunes of the developing countries were pretty much
dependent on the ups and downs of the developed countries.

But, though we've been slow to catch on, this short-hand view of the world has
become increasingly misleading. It fails to take account of the growing global
significance of the developing economies.

The story began changing in the 1970s with the jump in the incomes of
oil-exporting countries after the two OPEC oil shocks.

Then came the phenomenal growth of the "newly industrialising countries" of Asia
(known also as the DAEs - dynamic Asian economies).

In prospect for the '90s is (believe it or not) strong growth in the Latin
American economies, and the emergence of the sleeping giant, China.

The agency that monitors the performance and prospects of the developing
countries is the International Monetary Fund in Washington. (I visited the IMF
last week as a guest of Citibank.)

Like the OECD, the IMF issues half-yearly forecasts for the world economy. But
its forecasts cover not just the 23 developed countries, but also 130 developing
countries (plus 24 "countries in transition" - the former socialist economies of
central Europe and the former Soviet Union).

So how does the world economy divide up between the developed, developing and
former socialist economies? Well, that's where the IMF has just redone its sums
- and the results may surprise you.

To date the IMF has done it the standard way, taking each country's gross
domestic product, converting it to US dollars, then adding them up.

Doing it that way shows the United States accounting for a quarter of the world
economy, Japan for 14 per cent, Germany for 7 per cent and the rest of Europe
for 22 per cent.

That puts the developed economies at 73 per cent of the world economy, leaving
the developing countries with 18 per cent and the former socialist economies
with 9 per cent.

But doing it that way leaves the comparison of countries' relative size at the
mercy of their currency's exchange rate with the US dollar. It tends to
overstate the size of countries with strong exchange rates and understate the
size of those with weak exchange rates.

So, in its World Economic Outlook for April, the IMF has redone its calculations
using "purchasing power parity" - that is, taking account of what it costs to
purchase particular goods and services in each country.

As you can see from the table, doing it this more accurate way has dramatically
changed the relative importance of countries in the world economy. The developed
countries' share has shrunk to 54 per cent, whereas the developing countries'
share has expanded to 35 per cent.

(The biggest loser among the rich countries is Japan. Thanks to its overvalued
currency, its economy goes from being more than half the size of America's to
barely a third the size.

And, taking the developed countries in isolation, America's share rises from 35
per cent to 41 per cent.)

The point is that, when we measure it more carefully, we see that the developing
countries represent a much more significant slice of the world economy than we'd
realised. So if we go on ignoring the developing world when we examine the
prospects for the world economy, we do so at our peril.

Taking the developing countries in isolation, about half their economic
firepower comes from Asia. About a quarter comes from Latin America, leaving the
Middle East and Africa accounting for an eighth each.

All the developing country regions gain in size under the new measurement, but
the biggest gain is made by Asia. Its share of the world economy expands from 7
per cent to 18 per cent.

Within Asia, the biggest winner is China. Properly measured, China is already a
much bigger economy than we had realised.

I'm sure you've found all this quite interesting and educational. But when you
look at the IMF's forecasts for the growth of the world economy, you realise
it's of more than just academic interest - particularly for Australia

The IMF predicts that the recovery in the United States will continue, taking
its growth from 2.1 per cent last year to 3.2 per cent this year.

But it sees Japan still stuck in the mud, growing this year by the paltry 1.3
per cent it achieved last year. Germany is worse. It will contract by 1.3 per
cent this year, compared with growth of 2 per cent last year. As a result,
there'll be no growth in the whole European Community this year, down from 1.1
per cent last year.

Putting all that together (and adding in the smaller developed economies), the
industrial countries are projected to grow only a fraction faster this year than
the pathetic 1.5 per cent growth they achieved last year.

That's the bad news, of which most of us are conscious. According to the IMF's
forecasts, the recovery in the industrial world won't begin until 1994, when it
should grow by a more respectable 2.9 per cent.

But you've probably guessed the punch line: it's a much brighter story among the
developing countries. Their economies are expected to grow by 5.1 per cent this
year, only a little slower than the 6.1 per cent growth they achieved last year.

This is the big news in the fortunes of the world economy: the "resilience"of
the developing economies. Historically, they've been seen as being at the mercy
of the performance of the industrial countries.

But now it's clear that they've developed their own momentum; that they're
capable of continuing to steam ahead while the industrial world falls in a heap.

At the heart of this resilience, of course, is the remarkable success of the
Asian economies. Their growth is predicted to slow from the 7.9 per cent they
achieved last year, but only to 6.7 per cent this year. And they're expected to
keep that up next year.

One reason for the Asian economies' resilience is that a growing proportion of
their trade is between themselves, rather than with the developed world.

That's where this story gets its point for Australia: we've become more plugged
into Asia, too. Between 1982 and 1992, the proportion of our merchandise exports
going to the newly industrialising economies (Hong Kong, Korea and Taiwan) rose
from 10 per cent to 21 per cent. The proportion going to the ASEAN economies
(Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines) rose from 8 per
cent to 14 per cent. China's share was steady (at 3 per cent), as was Japan's.

Last year, 25 per cent of our merchandise exports went to Japan and more than 38
per cent to the rest of Asia. (That left only 13 per cent going to the European
Community, 9 per cent to the US, 5 per cent to New Zealand and about 9 per cent
to odds and sods.)

So the resilience of the Asian developing countries is important - and
encouraging - news for us. We, of all people, should be the first to shake off
the old, OECD-centred view of the world.

Year 12 students of HSC economics: yours truly will give a day of lectures on
the core topic, macro-economic management, at the Merewether building at Sydney
University, on Sunday, May 23. Time: 9.30 am to 4 pm. Cost: $20. Tickets
available at the door (opposite City Road gates), but ring Academic Attainment
on 452-2088 to be sure of a place.

WHO'S WHO IN WORLD ECONOMY

                      % share

  United States         23

  Japan                  8

  Germany                4

  Rest of Europe        15

  Others                 4

  Developed countries   54

  Africa                 4

  Asia                  18

  Middle East            5

  Latin America          8

  Developing countries  35

  Former socialist      11

  TOTAL
 100


LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: Who's who in world economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1993 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright (c) 2009 The Yale Law Journal Company
                                 The Pocket Part

                                January 18, 2009

                                The Pocket Part

                         118 Yale L.J. Pocket Part 120

LENGTH: 2306 words

ARTICLE: Reputation as Property in Virtual Economies

NAME: JOSEPH BLOCHER

BIO: Joseph Blocher is a recent graduate of Yale Law School and a law clerk for
the Honorable Guido Calabresi. This short essay is part of a longer project
about the relationship between social status and property rules.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The major task for future scholarship about reputational economies is to
determine if these reputational norms are clear and enforceable, and whether and
how they should be backed by formal rules.  ... More recently, scholars have
also begun to analyze at least three kinds of "virtual" economies: the online
economies exemplified by eBay and other trade-facilitating mechanisms; the
economies in virtual worlds such as Second Life and World of Warcraft; and the
virtual reputational economies associated with MySpace and Facebook.  ... The
first two economies generally involve the exchange of familiar forms of
property.  ... Virtual reputational economies show that reputation can be
gained, lost, traded, protected, and shared, all in property-like fashion,
without regard to whether it has independent economic value.  ...
Reconceptualizing status acquisition and loss in these terms not only improves
the reputational economy metaphor, but creates a framework to think about status
conflicts more generally.  ... Thus when a faculty member at a prestigious
school uses (or "steals") the shared status of his institution by using its name
to lend legitimacy to reprehensible speech (or simply by associating the school
with shoddy scholarship) the common status of the institution may suffer, to the
detriment of all faculty, even though no other individual faculty member has
sufficient incentive or ability to protect it.  ... The reputational property
this type of activity generates exists only online, associated with virtual
identities that generally are not connected to any real-world identities.  ...
And as with the online and virtual world economies, challenging problems arise
when the two reputational economies meet, as happens when anonymous posters
(members of the virtual-world-style reputational economy) attack nonanonymous
online profiles (members of the online reputational economy).

HIGHLIGHT: Preferred Citation: Joseph Blocher, Reputation as Property in Virtual
Economies, 118 YALE L.J. POCKET PART 120 (2009),
http://thepocketpart.org/2009/01/19/blocher.html.

TEXT:
 [*120]  Economists and legal theorists have long argued that real-world
economies cannot function effectively without well-defined property rights.  n1
More recently, scholars have also begun to analyze at least three kinds of
"virtual" economies: the online economies exemplified by eBay and other
trade-facilitating mechanisms; the economies in virtual worlds such as Second
Life and World of Warcraft; and the virtual reputational economies associated
with MySpace and Facebook. The first two economies generally involve the
exchange of familiar forms of property. But scholars have thus far failed to
fully identify or analyze the property underlying the reputational economy. What
that economy demonstrates, especially in its virtual form, is that reputation
itself--social status and the respect of others--can usefully be understood as a
form of property. Strands of this theory appear in law and scholarship, but they
have not been tied together in a way that shows that reputation can be
property-like even without demonstrating economic value. Virtual reputational
economies show that reputation can be gained, lost, traded, protected, and
shared, all in property-like fashion, without regard to whether it has
independent economic value. In other words, reputation is not merely valuable;
it is the new New Property.  n2

DIFFERENT VIRTUAL ECONOMIES, DIFFERENT PROPERTY ARCHETYPES

   Virtual economies come in at least three forms, and they each employ and rely
on a different conception of property. One kind of economy--the one to which
people most often refer--simply involves the exchange of familiar forms  [*121]
of property (books, DVDs, stocks, and so on) through different means. This is
not a virtual economy so much as it is an online economy, and its reference
points--eBay, Craigslist, Amazon.com, and so on--are simply improved mechanisms
of transfer, rather than new forms of property.

   The second kind of virtual economy exists in online worlds like World of
Warcraft and Second Life. This kind of virtual-world economy raises novel issues
regarding security, wealth, and access, particularly because it involves purely
virtual forms of property like "Linden dollars"  n3 and magical items.  n4 The
rules and norms governing the protection and exchange of this kind of property,
and the adjudication of disputes about it,  n5 are still in flux.  n6 Moreover,
the borders between virtual economies and real-world economies are problematic,
n7 as the contributions to this Symposium demonstrate. Nevertheless, the
underlying property archetypes in virtual world economies--currency, goods, and
intellectual property--are essentially familiar.  n8

   There is, however, a third type of online economy that is in many ways just
as important as the first two, and which also involves the acquisition, trade,
and protection of "property." This is the reputational economy exemplified by
MySpace, Facebook, and gossip blogs. Status fortunes can be made in this
economy,  n9 but they can also be easily and quite dramatically lost.  n10 The
[*122]  importance of success in this reputational market can for some people be
just as important as financial wealth--many people's "lives virtually revolve
around social-networking sites and blogs."  n11 Indeed, by now it is old news
that millions of people spend more time thinking about their Facebook profiles
than their investment profiles.  n12

REPUTATION AS THE NEW NEW PROPERTY

   Despite an increasing recognition of the central importance of the
reputational economy, and despite a growing focus on the protection of
reputation online,  n13 commentators and scholars have not yet meaningfully
analyzed reputation as a form of property. This is not to say that law has
ignored the importance of reputation. Since Blackstone,  n14 law has been
concerned with the protection of reputation from unjust harm--hence the
development of defamation law. Intellectual property law also addresses the
acquisition, destruction, and theft of reputation. But law generally treats
reputation as property only to the degree that reputation has real-world
economic value, as when a business's valuable trademark is diluted by a
competitor. Robert Post, for example, argues that "[t]he concept of reputation
as property presupposes that individuals are connected to each other through the
institution of the market."  n15 However, none of these discussions suggest that
reputation is property-like even when it is not reduced to a real-world market
value--in other words, they consider reputation property-like only when it has
quantifiable value. As a result, none of these scholars call for a comprehensive
theory of status as property, rather than simply as something valuable.

    [*123]  The point is that the pursuit of status can be decoupled from the
pursuit of monetary and other economic rewards, and the reputational economy
need not ever (though it often does) intersect with the economy in goods and
services. Not only is the acquisition of status similar to the acquisition of
other forms of property; so, too, are the mechanisms by which it is transferred
and protected. Reconceptualizing status acquisition and loss in these terms not
only improves the reputational economy metaphor, but creates a framework to
think about status conflicts more generally. And if the reputational economy is
a useful framework--and it is employed commonly enough to suggest so  n16 --then
it should be at least as useful to think about reputation as property. That is,
Facebookers are engaged in a sometimes-competitive enterprise of acquiring,
possessing, and protecting reputation. Through their efforts, they gain
reputation, which they then feel entitled to protect (from gossip or insults,
for example), to share or give (for example by including friends in a
high-status clique or otherwise endorsing them), and otherwise to treat as they
see fit. They own their reputations, whether or not those reputations ever
interact with the real-world economy.

   The metaphor may be applied to more complex problems as well. Reputation,
like other forms of property, can under certain conditions be thought of as a
communal good subject to a tragedy of the commons.  n17 Thus when a faculty
member at a prestigious school uses (or "steals") the shared status of his
institution by using its name to lend legitimacy to reprehensible speech (or
simply by associating the school with shoddy scholarship) the common status of
the institution may suffer, to the detriment of all faculty, even though no
other individual faculty member has sufficient incentive or ability to protect
it.

   Having defined status as a kind of property, it is possible to further
subdivide the virtual reputational economies: social networking platforms like
Facebook and MySpace present one model; anonymous blogging and commentary
another. In at least one important way, the former are more like online
economies than they are like virtual world economies--the status they create and
destroy exists both online and in the real-world reputational economy.
Individuals use their real identities in these forums and often interact with
people with whom they also have off-line relationships. Thus someone whose
reputation is ruined in the online reputational economy likely loses it in the
real world as well.

    [*124]  Anonymous blogging and commentary, on the other hand, correspond to
the virtual world economies describe above. The reputational property this type
of activity generates exists only online, associated with virtual identities
that generally are not connected to any real-world identities. What enables this
division from the real-world reputational economy is anonymity, which permits
bloggers  n18 --or even blog commenters  n19 --to gain online status, often at
the expense of others, without risking their own real-world status. And as with
the online and virtual world economies, challenging problems arise when the two
reputational economies meet, as happens when anonymous posters (members of the
virtual-world-style reputational economy) attack nonanonymous online profiles
(members of the online reputational economy). From a practical standpoint, it is
difficult, though not impossible,  n20 to identify anonymous online attackers,
making redress rare. But from a more theoretical standpoint, it is difficult to
replace, with currency or any other kind of "old" property, the reputational
property they have lost.

LOOKING FORWARD

   Property law has evolved incredibly detailed rules to describe, govern, and
encourage the acquisition of all kinds of different property, from land to
patents. And yet when it comes to reputation--a good that people spend their
lives striving to obtain and protect--we are all but bereft. Studies of property
and of reputational economies could both be made more effective with a deeper
understanding of status as property, not just as something valuable. Such
recognition would not require greater formal regulation of status: legal
scholars long ago rebutted the notion that where there is no formal law, there
is no property.  n21 What really matters, as in any well-functioning economy, is
that property rules be clear and enforceable, not that they be state sanctioned.
The major task for future scholarship about reputational economies is to  [*125]
determine if these reputational norms are clear and enforceable, and whether and
how they should be backed by formal rules.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Computer & Internet LawInternet BusinessLicensingGeneral OverviewComputer &
Internet LawTrademark ProtectionCivil Infringement ActionsGeneral
OverviewSecurities LawBlue Sky LawsOnline Transactions

FOOTNOTES:





n1  See generally HERNANDO DE SOTO, THE MYSTERY OF CAPITAL: WHY CAPITALISM
TRIUMPHS IN THE WEST AND FAILS EVERYWHERE ELSE (2000) (arguing that a lack of
well-defined property rights has hampered economic growth in developing
countries).





n2  See Charles A. Reich, The New Property, 73 YALE L.J. 733 (1964).





n3  Second Life: The Marketplace, http://secondlife.com/whatis/marketplace.php
(last visited Nov. 9, 2008).





n4  Allakhazam.com: World of Warcraft Items,
http://wow.allakhazam.com/db/itemlist.html (last visited Nov. 9, 2008) (listing
magic items for sale).





n5  See generally Bobby Glushko, Tales of the (Virtual) City: Governing Property
Disputes in Virtual Worlds, 22 BERKELEY TECH. L.J. 507 (2007) (describing
virtual property conflicts and assessing whether existing agreements are
adequate to resolve them).





n6  Kevin Deenihan, Leave Those Orcs Alone: Property Rights in Virtual Worlds
(Mar. 26, 2008) (unpublished manuscript) (describing shared community values).





n7  See, e.g., Robert X. Cringely, PayAcquaintance: When It Comes to Selling
Virtual Property, PayPal Isn't Always Your Pal, PBS: The Pulpit, May 6, 2004,
http://www.pbs.org/cringely/pulpit/2004/pulpit_20040506_000811.html ("PayPal
can't figure out how to handle payments for such virtual goods, so they rely on
the good will of the buyers and sellers involved."); Daniel Terdiman, eBay Bans
Auctions of Virtual Goods, CNET NEWS, Jan. 29, 2007,
http://news.cnet.com/ebay-bans-acutions-of-virtual-goods/2100-1043_3-6154372
.html?hhTest=1&tag=item (reporting eBay's decision to ban sales of virtual goods
in order "to protect users").





n8  See, e.g., Edward Castronova, Virtual Worlds: A First-Hand Account of Market
and Society on the Cyberian Frontier 5, 16-31 (Gruter Inst. Working Papers on
Law, Econ., and Evolutionary Biology, Vol. 2, Art. 1, 2001), available at
http://www.bepress.com/giwp/default/vol2/iss1/art1 (describing the exchange
rate, inflation rate, GNP per capita, and poverty rate in a virtual world).





n9  See, e.g., Wikipedia, Chris Crocker (Internet celebrity),
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Crocker_(Internet_celebrity) (last visited
Nov. 9, 2008).





n10  See, e.g., Wikipedia, Star Wars Kid,
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars_kid (last visited Nov. 9, 2008).





n11  Daniel J. Solove, Do Social Networks Bring the End of Privacy?, SCI. AM.,
Aug. 2008, http://www.sciam.com/article.cfm?id=do-social-networks-bring.





n12  See Bill Tancer, MySpace v. Facebook: Competing Addictions, TIME.COM, Oct.
24, 2007,
http://www.time.com/time/business/article/0,8599,1675244,00.html?iid=sphere-inli
ne-sidebar.





n13  See generally DANIEL J. SOLOVE, THE FUTURE OF REPUTATION: GOSSIP, RUMOR,
AND PRIVACY ON THE INTERNET (2007) (arguing that the Internet demands a new
balance between free speech, privacy, and anonymity).





n14  1 WILLIAM BLACKSTONE, COMMENTARIES *130 ("The security of his reputation or
good name from the arts of detraction and slander, are rights to which every man
is intitled, by reason and natural justice . . . .").





n15  Robert C. Post, The Social Foundations of Defamation Law: Reputation and
the Constitution, 74 CAL. L. REV. 691, 695 (1986).





n16  For example, Yale Law School's Information Society Project held a
"Reputation Economies in Cyberspace" conference in December 2007. See
http://www.law.yale.edu/news/5789.htm.





n17  See, e.g., Geoffrey C. Hazard, Jr. & Ted Schneyer, Regulatory Controls on
Large Law Firms: A Comparative Perspective, 44 ARIZ. L. REV. 593, 605 (2002)
(discussing the "commons" of a law firm's reputation, and its possible dilution
by individual lawyers).





n18  See generally S. Elizabeth Malloy, Anonymous Blogging and Defamation:
Balancing Interests on the Internet, 84 WASH. U. L. REV. 1187 (2006) (arguing
for broader libel liability for anonymous bloggers).





n19  Amir Efrati, AutoAdmit Suit Update: Defendant "AK-47" Responds, Wall St. J.
Law Blog, Feb. 28, 2008,
http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2008/02/28/autoadmit-suit-update-defendant-ak47-respond
s/.





n20  Ryan Singel, Yale Students' Lawsuit Unmasks Anonymous Trolls, Opens
Pandora's Box, WIRED, July 30, 2008,
http://www.wired.com/politics/law/news/2008/07/autoadmit; Huma Yusuf, Lawsuits
Against Bloggers Seen Rising, ABC NEWS, July 20, 2008,
http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/story?id=5406538&page=1.





n21  See generally ROBERT C. ELLICKSON, ORDER WITHOUT LAW: HOW NEIGHBORS SETTLE
DISPUTES (1991) (demonstrating that in certain circumstances property rules are
formed, and property disputes resolved, according to informal norms rather than
formal law).


                              100 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            January 27, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Three economies vital to budget

BYLINE: Murray Fulton and Michael Atkinson, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 788  words


Following is the viewpoint of Fulton, a professor at the Johnson-Shoyama
Graduate School of Public Policy, and Atkinson, executive director of the
school.

Getting budgets right requires assembling a package that speaks to three
economies -- the real economy, the political economy and the behavioural
economy.

Most budgets have to get only one of these correct, which is difficult enough.
When all three need to be addressed, which is the case with today's federal
budget, the result is a balancing act that is extraordinarily difficult to
achieve.

The behavioural economy is both a psychological and a social construction. It is
the tenor of the times, the zeitgeist, and the public's "confidence" all rolled
into one.

It is "behavioural," because people act on the basis of their beliefs, no matter
whether or not these have any factual foundation. Economists have known about
this economy for decades and have tried without much success to incorporate it
into classical economic models. That's because the behavioural economy can be
irrational, like the "irrational exuberance" of the dot-com and housing bubbles.

Today's irrationality, from the point of view of policymakers, is the default
tendency of consumers to withdraw from the market and hoard their savings, and
of investors to remain on the sidelines. When everyone begins to behave like
this, the result is an economic meltdown.

To be successful, the budget has to create an atmosphere that discourages both
kinds of behaviour. Failure to create this atmosphere will scuttle everything
else.

The easiest way to fail is to get the political economy wrong. The political
economy is not about consumers, taxpayers and investors as much as it is about
firms, sectors and governments, all of whom have their hands out for their share
of the promised stimulus package. From a political economy point of view, the
package must be seen to be fair and balanced -- something for everyone, or at
least for everyone who has been able to manufacture a need, whether or not
everyone is deserving, in economic terms.

Pressing the budget through the usual political meatgrinder means making sure
the premiers are satisfied their jurisdictions benefit, and that CEOs, industry
associations and unions are convinced their organizations and membership gain,
regardless of whether the stimulus package is likely to encourage consumer and
investment spending and improve the job situation.

Economists spend a lot of time talking about the radically different character
of the various provincial economies and economic sectors, but from the political
economy point of view, none of this matters much. What matters is what will sell
on the floor of the House of Commons, in provincial legislatures and in
executive offices across the country.

Finally, there is the real economy. How much stimulus is really needed? Which
types of spending will have the greatest impact on GDP growth and employment
numbers? Politically and behaviourally, it is a bit late to ask these questions.

The dye is cast; stimulation is expected. The challenge facing the government is
to introduce a stimulus package that satisfies the political economy needs while
ensuring the economic outcome of the package lines up with the behavioural
expectations.

Failure to achieve this latter outcome will likely be fatal. While
"irrationality" can rule for a while, eventually the economic beliefs and
expectations must match, more or less, the real economic outcomes if these
beliefs and behaviours are to be maintained. If a match does not exist, there is
a real risk the situation may, in fact, become worse: Governments and leaders
lose their credibility, with the result that subsequent attempts to change the
economy's path become even less likely to succeed.

For politicians who have to get right the three economies, there is safety in
numbers.

The balancing act Stephen Harper and the Conservatives are attempting is the
same one leaders such as Barack Obama and Gordon Brown are facing.

Indeed, it is at times of crises, such as the one now confronting the world,
that the full import of the three economies becomes clear. To operate
successfully, all organizations -- including governments and business firms--
must get all three economies more or less right.

When the real economy and the behavioural economy more or less match in a manner
that generates economic growth and prosperity, as has often been the case during
the last 25 years, the task of political activities such as budgets reduces
largely to dealing with the political economy.

It is only when the real economy and the behavioural economy fail to match, or
when they converge to generate a downward spiral, that the enormity of the
budget task becomes apparent

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

Pakistan among world's cheapest economies

BYLINE:  Amin Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 121

LENGTH: 568  words


Major findings of a new World Bank report, comparing the real size of the world
economies, have bracketed Pakistan together with the cheapest economies
including Egypt, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Laos, showing price level index (PLI)
ranging from 35 to 40.

An index of over 100 means that prices on average are higher than the world's,
and less than 100 means prices are lower. According to the 2011 International
Comparison Programme, functioning under the control of UN Statistical
Commission, 23 economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. PLI is the ratio of
purchasing power parities (PPP) to corresponding exchange rates.

The most expensive economies in GDP terms are Switzerland, Norway, Barmuda,
Australia and Denmark, with indices ranging from 210 to 185. The United States
is ranked 25th in the world, lower than most other high-income economies,
including France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom.

The five economies with the highest GDP per capita are Qatar, Macao, Luxembourg,
Kuwait, and Brunei. The first two economies have more than $100,000 per capita.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies are in the middle income category. When
combined, the 12 largest economies account for two thirds of the world economy,
and 59 per cent of the world population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounts to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294bn
measured by exchange rates.

Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48pc when using PPPs and 32pc
when using exchange rates.

Low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more than two times larger
based on PPPs than respective exchange rate shares in 2011. Yet, these economies
accounted for only 1.5pc of the global economy, but nearly 11pc of the world
population.

Roughly 28pc of the world's population lives in economies with GDP per capita
expenditures above the $13,460 world average and 72pc are below that average.

The six largest middle income economies - China, India, Russia, Brazil,
Indonesia and Mexico - account for 32.3pc of world GDP, whereas the six largest
high income economies - United States, Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom,
and Italy - account for 32.9pc.

Asia and the Pacific region, including China and India, accounts for 30pc of
world GDP, Eurostat-OECD 54pc, Latin America (excluding Mexico and Argentina)
5.5pc, Africa and Western Asia about 4.5pc each.

China and India make up two thirds of Asian and the Pacific economy, excluding
Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia accounts
for more than 70pc of the CIS, and Brazil for 56pc of Latin America. South
Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

New data showed that the world economy produced goods and services worth over
$90 trillion in 2011, and almost half of the world's total output came from low-
and middle-income countries.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world - at $10,057
- means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above
that amount and half below.

Eleven economies have more than $50,000 per capita, while they collectively
account for less than 0.6pc of the world's population. The United States has the
12th highest GDP per capita.

China and India account for about 80pc of investment expenditures in the Asia
and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77pc of CIS, Brazil for 61pc of
Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40pc of Western Asia.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

Pakistan among world's cheapest economies

BYLINE:  Amin Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 121

LENGTH: 568  words


Major findings of a new World Bank report, comparing the real size of the world
economies, have bracketed Pakistan together with the cheapest economies
including Egypt, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Laos, showing price level index (PLI)
ranging from 35 to 40.

An index of over 100 means that prices on average are higher than the world's,
and less than 100 means prices are lower. According to the 2011 International
Comparison Programme, functioning under the control of UN Statistical
Commission, 23 economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. PLI is the ratio of
purchasing power parities (PPP) to corresponding exchange rates.

The most expensive economies in GDP terms are Switzerland, Norway, Barmuda,
Australia and Denmark, with indices ranging from 210 to 185. The United States
is ranked 25th in the world, lower than most other high-income economies,
including France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom.

The five economies with the highest GDP per capita are Qatar, Macao, Luxembourg,
Kuwait, and Brunei. The first two economies have more than $100,000 per capita.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies are in the middle income category. When
combined, the 12 largest economies account for two thirds of the world economy,
and 59 per cent of the world population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounts to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294bn
measured by exchange rates.

Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48pc when using PPPs and 32pc
when using exchange rates.

Low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more than two times larger
based on PPPs than respective exchange rate shares in 2011. Yet, these economies
accounted for only 1.5pc of the global economy, but nearly 11pc of the world
population.

Roughly 28pc of the world's population lives in economies with GDP per capita
expenditures above the $13,460 world average and 72pc are below that average.

The six largest middle income economies - China, India, Russia, Brazil,
Indonesia and Mexico - account for 32.3pc of world GDP, whereas the six largest
high income economies - United States, Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom,
and Italy - account for 32.9pc.

Asia and the Pacific region, including China and India, accounts for 30pc of
world GDP, Eurostat-OECD 54pc, Latin America (excluding Mexico and Argentina)
5.5pc, Africa and Western Asia about 4.5pc each.

China and India make up two thirds of Asian and the Pacific economy, excluding
Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia accounts
for more than 70pc of the CIS, and Brazil for 56pc of Latin America. South
Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

New data showed that the world economy produced goods and services worth over
$90 trillion in 2011, and almost half of the world's total output came from low-
and middle-income countries.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world - at $10,057
- means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above
that amount and half below.

Eleven economies have more than $50,000 per capita, while they collectively
account for less than 0.6pc of the world's population. The United States has the
12th highest GDP per capita.

China and India account for about 80pc of investment expenditures in the Asia
and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77pc of CIS, Brazil for 61pc of
Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40pc of Western Asia.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

Pakistan among world's cheapest economies

LENGTH: 567  words


Major findings of a new World Bank report, comparing the real size of the world
economies, have bracketed Pakistan together with the cheapest economies
including Egypt, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Laos, showing price level index (PLI)
ranging from 35 to 40.

An index of over 100 means that prices on average are higher than the world's,
and less than 100 means prices are lower. According to the 2011 International
Comparison Programme, functioning under the control of UN Statistical
Commission, 23 economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. PLI is the ratio of
purchasing power parities (PPP) to corresponding exchange rates.

The most expensive economies in GDP terms are Switzerland, Norway, Barmuda,
Australia and Denmark, with indices ranging from 210 to 185. The United States
is ranked 25th in the world, lower than most other high-income economies,
including France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom.

The five economies with the highest GDP per capita are Qatar, Macao, Luxembourg,
Kuwait, and Brunei. The first two economies have more than $100,000 per capita.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies are in the middle income category. When
combined, the 12 largest economies account for two thirds of the world economy,
and 59 per cent of the world population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounts to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294bn
measured by exchange rates.

Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48pc when using PPPs and 32pc
when using exchange rates.

Low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more than two times larger
based on PPPs than respective exchange rate shares in 2011. Yet, these economies
accounted for only 1.5pc of the global economy, but nearly 11pc of the world
population.

Roughly 28pc of the world's population lives in economies with GDP per capita
expenditures above the $13,460 world average and 72pc are below that average.

The six largest middle income economies  China, India, Russia, Brazil, Indonesia
and Mexico  account for 32.3pc of world GDP, whereas the six largest high income
economies  United States, Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Italy
account for 32.9pc.

Asia and the Pacific region, including China and India, accounts for 30pc of
world GDP, Eurostat-OECD 54pc, Latin America (excluding Mexico and Argentina)
5.5pc, Africa and Western Asia about 4.5pc each.

China and India make up two thirds of Asian and the Pacific economy, excluding
Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia accounts
for more than 70pc of the CIS, and Brazil for 56pc of Latin America. South
Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

New data showed that the world economy produced goods and services worth over
$90 trillion in 2011, and almost half of the world's total output came from low-
and middle-income countries.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world  at $10,057
means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above that
amount and half below.

Eleven economies have more than $50,000 per capita, while they collectively
account for less than 0.6pc of the world's population. The United States has the
12th highest GDP per capita.

China and India account for about 80pc of investment expenditures in the Asia
and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77pc of CIS, Brazil for 61pc of
Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40pc of Western Asia.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

World bank ranks Pakistan among cheapest economies

LENGTH: 567  words


Major findings of a new World Bank report, comparing the real size of the world
economies, have bracketed Pakistan together with the cheapest economies
including Egypt, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Laos, showing price level index (PLI)
ranging from 35 to 40.

An index of over 100 means that prices on average are higher than the world's,
and less than 100 means prices are lower. According to the 2011 International
Comparison Programme, functioning under the control of UN Statistical
Commission, 23 economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. PLI is the ratio of
purchasing power parities (PPP) to corresponding exchange rates.

The most expensive economies in GDP terms are Switzerland, Norway, Barmuda,
Australia and Denmark, with indices ranging from 210 to 185. The United States
is ranked 25th in the world, lower than most other high-income economies,
including France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom.

The five economies with the highest GDP per capita are Qatar, Macao, Luxembourg,
Kuwait, and Brunei. The first two economies have more than $100,000 per capita.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies are in the middle income category. When
combined, the 12 largest economies account for two thirds of the world economy,
and 59 per cent of the world population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounts to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294bn
measured by exchange rates.

Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48pc when using PPPs and 32pc
when using exchange rates.

Low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more than two times larger
based on PPPs than respective exchange rate shares in 2011. Yet, these economies
accounted for only 1.5pc of the global economy, but nearly 11pc of the world
population.

Roughly 28pc of the world's population lives in economies with GDP per capita
expenditures above the $13,460 world average and 72pc are below that average.

The six largest middle income economies  China, India, Russia, Brazil, Indonesia
and Mexico  account for 32.3pc of world GDP, whereas the six largest high income
economies  United States, Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Italy
account for 32.9pc.

Asia and the Pacific region, including China and India, accounts for 30pc of
world GDP, Eurostat-OECD 54pc, Latin America (excluding Mexico and Argentina)
5.5pc, Africa and Western Asia about 4.5pc each.

China and India make up two thirds of Asian and the Pacific economy, excluding
Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia accounts
for more than 70pc of the CIS, and Brazil for 56pc of Latin America. South
Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

New data showed that the world economy produced goods and services worth over
$90 trillion in 2011, and almost half of the world's total output came from low-
and middle-income countries.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world  at $10,057
means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above that
amount and half below.

Eleven economies have more than $50,000 per capita, while they collectively
account for less than 0.6pc of the world's population. The United States has the
12th highest GDP per capita.

China and India account for about 80pc of investment expenditures in the Asia
and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77pc of CIS, Brazil for 61pc of
Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40pc of Western Asia.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

64pc builders offered dodgy cash deals;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 636 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a
job for cash outside of the tax system.


Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a job for
cash outside of the tax system.

A new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in the
construction sector also revealed that 57pc of construction companies have been
approached by construction workers offering to carry out work for cash payments
while they were also receiving social welfare payments.

The survey also found that 95pc of construction companies have come across a
black economy operation in the last 3 months.

While 70pc of construction companies have come across an increased number of
black economy operations since the turn of the year and 76pc have come across an
increased number in the last 12 months and 95pc of construction companies think
they have lost jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months while 50pc
believe they have lost 6 more jobs to black economy operations in the last 12
months. It also found that 94pc of those who lost out on jobs to black economy
operators believe it is because they submitted a cheaper tender while 40pc
believe that black economy operators always pay their workers with cash outside
of the tax system while 51pc believe they do this regularly. Some 53pc of
construction companies believe that wages paid by black economy operators
undercut legitimate firms by more than 20pc and 68pc of construction companies
have come across clients who have experienced problems with black economy
operators or the work they have carried out, while 58pc have been asked to
repair the work done by a black economy operator. 71pc of construction companies
believe the materials used by black economy operators are lower in quality and
66pc of construction companies describe the health and safety standards as poor
quality on any construction sites run by black economy they have come across
while a further 24pc would describe them as non existent. While 11pc of
construction companies are aware of accidents occurring on construction sites
operated by black economy operators. It also found that 90pc of construction
companies think the Government needs to take stronger action to regulate black
economy operators in the construction industry. While 84pc of construction
companies would be in favour of more regulation if it helped reduce black
economy operations in the construction sector and 86pc believe that black
economy participation in public projects could be reduced with better regulation
and 88pc of construction companies would welcome stronger scrutiny of the
construction sector by Revenue if it would help reduce black economy activity.
"The black economy continues to be a source of incredible frustration within the
construction industry," said CIF Director General Tom Parlon. "What the latest
statistics highlight is that the problem is still out there and if anything it
seems to be getting worse. It is also noticeable that there seems to be a
sizeable appetite for black economy work with potential workers and clients
looking to do construction work off the books. "This kind of activity hurts
legitimate construction work. 68pc of construction companies have come across
clients who have experienced and another 58pc have had to repair poor work
carried out by black economy operators. This goes to show that clients are not
making the savings they might think they will by engaging black economy
operators and there is clearly a trade off in the quality of work being carried
out." "There is a reason why black economy operators are able to undercut their
rivals. They don't make the correct tax returns, they have workers using social
welfare payments as a subsidy to their wages, poor quality materials are used,
corners are cut, the proper building practices are not followed and the proper
health and safety standards are ignored."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

64pc builders offered dodgy cash deals;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 636 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a
job for cash outside of the tax system.


Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a job for
cash outside of the tax system.

A new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in the
construction sector also revealed that 57pc of construction companies have been
approached by construction workers offering to carry out work for cash payments
while they were also receiving social welfare payments.

The survey also found that 95pc of construction companies have come across a
black economy operation in the last 3 months.

While 70pc of construction companies have come across an increased number of
black economy operations since the turn of the year and 76pc have come across an
increased number in the last 12 months and 95pc of construction companies think
they have lost jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months while 50pc
believe they have lost 6 more jobs to black economy operations in the last 12
months. It also found that 94pc of those who lost out on jobs to black economy
operators believe it is because they submitted a cheaper tender while 40pc
believe that black economy operators always pay their workers with cash outside
of the tax system while 51pc believe they do this regularly. Some 53pc of
construction companies believe that wages paid by black economy operators
undercut legitimate firms by more than 20pc and 68pc of construction companies
have come across clients who have experienced problems with black economy
operators or the work they have carried out, while 58pc have been asked to
repair the work done by a black economy operator. 71pc of construction companies
believe the materials used by black economy operators are lower in quality and
66pc of construction companies describe the health and safety standards as poor
quality on any construction sites run by black economy they have come across
while a further 24pc would describe them as non existent. While 11pc of
construction companies are aware of accidents occurring on construction sites
operated by black economy operators. It also found that 90pc of construction
companies think the Government needs to take stronger action to regulate black
economy operators in the construction industry. While 84pc of construction
companies would be in favour of more regulation if it helped reduce black
economy operations in the construction sector and 86pc believe that black
economy participation in public projects could be reduced with better regulation
and 88pc of construction companies would welcome stronger scrutiny of the
construction sector by Revenue if it would help reduce black economy activity.
"The black economy continues to be a source of incredible frustration within the
construction industry," said CIF Director General Tom Parlon. "What the latest
statistics highlight is that the problem is still out there and if anything it
seems to be getting worse. It is also noticeable that there seems to be a
sizeable appetite for black economy work with potential workers and clients
looking to do construction work off the books. "This kind of activity hurts
legitimate construction work. 68pc of construction companies have come across
clients who have experienced and another 58pc have had to repair poor work
carried out by black economy operators. This goes to show that clients are not
making the savings they might think they will by engaging black economy
operators and there is clearly a trade off in the quality of work being carried
out." "There is a reason why black economy operators are able to undercut their
rivals. They don't make the correct tax returns, they have workers using social
welfare payments as a subsidy to their wages, poor quality materials are used,
corners are cut, the proper building practices are not followed and the proper
health and safety standards are ignored."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

64pc builders offered dodgy cash deals;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 636 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a
job for cash outside of the tax system.


Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a job for
cash outside of the tax system.

A new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in the
construction sector also revealed that 57pc of construction companies have been
approached by construction workers offering to carry out work for cash payments
while they were also receiving social welfare payments.

The survey also found that 95pc of construction companies have come across a
black economy operation in the last 3 months.

While 70pc of construction companies have come across an increased number of
black economy operations since the turn of the year and 76pc have come across an
increased number in the last 12 months and 95pc of construction companies think
they have lost jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months while 50pc
believe they have lost 6 more jobs to black economy operations in the last 12
months. It also found that 94pc of those who lost out on jobs to black economy
operators believe it is because they submitted a cheaper tender while 40pc
believe that black economy operators always pay their workers with cash outside
of the tax system while 51pc believe they do this regularly. Some 53pc of
construction companies believe that wages paid by black economy operators
undercut legitimate firms by more than 20pc and 68pc of construction companies
have come across clients who have experienced problems with black economy
operators or the work they have carried out, while 58pc have been asked to
repair the work done by a black economy operator. 71pc of construction companies
believe the materials used by black economy operators are lower in quality and
66pc of construction companies describe the health and safety standards as poor
quality on any construction sites run by black economy they have come across
while a further 24pc would describe them as non existent. While 11pc of
construction companies are aware of accidents occurring on construction sites
operated by black economy operators. It also found that 90pc of construction
companies think the Government needs to take stronger action to regulate black
economy operators in the construction industry. While 84pc of construction
companies would be in favour of more regulation if it helped reduce black
economy operations in the construction sector and 86pc believe that black
economy participation in public projects could be reduced with better regulation
and 88pc of construction companies would welcome stronger scrutiny of the
construction sector by Revenue if it would help reduce black economy activity.
"The black economy continues to be a source of incredible frustration within the
construction industry," said CIF Director General Tom Parlon. "What the latest
statistics highlight is that the problem is still out there and if anything it
seems to be getting worse. It is also noticeable that there seems to be a
sizeable appetite for black economy work with potential workers and clients
looking to do construction work off the books. "This kind of activity hurts
legitimate construction work. 68pc of construction companies have come across
clients who have experienced and another 58pc have had to repair poor work
carried out by black economy operators. This goes to show that clients are not
making the savings they might think they will by engaging black economy
operators and there is clearly a trade off in the quality of work being carried
out." "There is a reason why black economy operators are able to undercut their
rivals. They don't make the correct tax returns, they have workers using social
welfare payments as a subsidy to their wages, poor quality materials are used,
corners are cut, the proper building practices are not followed and the proper
health and safety standards are ignored."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

64pc builders offered dodgy cash deals;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 636 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a
job for cash outside of the tax system.


Sixty four percent of construction companies have been asked to do a job for
cash outside of the tax system.

A new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in the
construction sector also revealed that 57pc of construction companies have been
approached by construction workers offering to carry out work for cash payments
while they were also receiving social welfare payments.

The survey also found that 95pc of construction companies have come across a
black economy operation in the last 3 months.

While 70pc of construction companies have come across an increased number of
black economy operations since the turn of the year and 76pc have come across an
increased number in the last 12 months and 95pc of construction companies think
they have lost jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months while 50pc
believe they have lost 6 more jobs to black economy operations in the last 12
months. It also found that 94pc of those who lost out on jobs to black economy
operators believe it is because they submitted a cheaper tender while 40pc
believe that black economy operators always pay their workers with cash outside
of the tax system while 51pc believe they do this regularly. Some 53pc of
construction companies believe that wages paid by black economy operators
undercut legitimate firms by more than 20pc and 68pc of construction companies
have come across clients who have experienced problems with black economy
operators or the work they have carried out, while 58pc have been asked to
repair the work done by a black economy operator. 71pc of construction companies
believe the materials used by black economy operators are lower in quality and
66pc of construction companies describe the health and safety standards as poor
quality on any construction sites run by black economy they have come across
while a further 24pc would describe them as non existent. While 11pc of
construction companies are aware of accidents occurring on construction sites
operated by black economy operators. It also found that 90pc of construction
companies think the Government needs to take stronger action to regulate black
economy operators in the construction industry. While 84pc of construction
companies would be in favour of more regulation if it helped reduce black
economy operations in the construction sector and 86pc believe that black
economy participation in public projects could be reduced with better regulation
and 88pc of construction companies would welcome stronger scrutiny of the
construction sector by Revenue if it would help reduce black economy activity.
"The black economy continues to be a source of incredible frustration within the
construction industry," said CIF Director General Tom Parlon. "What the latest
statistics highlight is that the problem is still out there and if anything it
seems to be getting worse. It is also noticeable that there seems to be a
sizeable appetite for black economy work with potential workers and clients
looking to do construction work off the books. "This kind of activity hurts
legitimate construction work. 68pc of construction companies have come across
clients who have experienced and another 58pc have had to repair poor work
carried out by black economy operators. This goes to show that clients are not
making the savings they might think they will by engaging black economy
operators and there is clearly a trade off in the quality of work being carried
out." "There is a reason why black economy operators are able to undercut their
rivals. They don't make the correct tax returns, they have workers using social
welfare payments as a subsidy to their wages, poor quality materials are used,
corners are cut, the proper building practices are not followed and the proper
health and safety standards are ignored."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                      Business and Financial Times (Ghana)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Formalising the informal economy ...parties debate roadmap

LENGTH: 685  words


Source: Konrad Kodjo-Djaisi | B&FT Online | Ghana

Although what constitutes formalisation of the informal economy is yet to be
generally agreed in the country, the Ghana Employers Association and the Trades
Union Congress have taken on the onerous challenge of leading the way.

The two entities, both of which have members in the informal economy, have
out-doored a project - the goal of which is to develop a roadmap for
transitioning informal economies into formal ones using ILO recommendation 204
as a guide.

They are working with a definition that refers to the 'informal economy' as
having "low level of organisation, little or no division between labour and
capital and small-scale operation".

"Informal economy activities are not necessarily illegal, they are just not
regulated," research conducted as part of the project by Mary Akosua Karimu of
the Research and Policy Institute of the TUC indicates.

A statement from the two entities said: "The objective of the action is to
develop a common position paper on how Ghana can proceed in transitioning the
informal economy into a formal economy."

A pilot project will assist a selected number of informal economy operators to
formalise based on a framework that the parties hope will receive government
blessing.

Beneficiaries will be drawn from the National Association of Beauticians and
Hairdressers (NABH) and the Union of Informal Economy Workers (UNIWA).

It is estimated that almost 98 percent of new labour market entrants are
compelled to get jobs in the informal economy due to lack of employment
opportunities in the formal economy.

But the informal economy is largely characterised by significant decent work
criteria deficits: employment and income insecurity, lack of representation and
voice, as well as inadequate social protection among others.

The sector is also known for non-payment of income tax, which deprives the state
of resources and overburdens the formal sector with taxes.

While about 35% of employers in the sector pay value-added tax through purchases
they make from formal enterprises, less than a quarter (23.6%) pay personal
income tax, which is a must for formal sector workers shows the study conducted
by Eben Tawiah Anuwa-Amarh, a Commissioner at the National Development Planning
Commission.

TUC's findings also indicate that only about 7 percent of informal economy
workers have a written employment contract.

The findings indicate that income level and security remain one of the most
important concerns of informal economy workers in Ghana.

Compared with both the formal public and private sectors, average earnings in
the informal economy is lower, it says.

"In 2012/13, the monthly average earnings among informal economy workers was
GH?101.01 -- or 27.9 percent lower than the national average earnings of
GH?463.30.

The parties argue that while formalisation by itself does not promote enterprise
growth in the short-run, bringing more enterprises into the formal economy over
the long-term should provide higher quality, better-paying, and more sustainable
jobs.

Formalisation, they further argue, reinforces the social contract between
citizens and their state, strengthens the reliability of agreements between
firms, and builds investor confidence.

The informal economy, which employs about 88 percent of the country's workforce,
has been found to play a critical role in the production and distribution of
goods and services, contributing significantly to GDP.

The informal economy provides employment and income for many who lose or cannot
find work in the formal economy, and it includes a disproportionate number of
women, young people and others from disadvantaged groups.

In recent times, formalising the informal economy has become a global call and
subject of national tripartite discussions.

The ILO, in its Recommendation 204 which was adopted in June 2015, states that:
"The transition from informal to formal economy is essential to achieve
inclusive development and to realise decent work for all".

http://imgs.syndigate.info/630/1800/27/146343127826.jpg

Formalising the informal economy ...parties debate roadmap

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1800


                  Copyright 2016 Business and Financial Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

'Indians are willing to pay a premium for their families'

LENGTH: 528  words


, Oct. 20 -- As Singapore Airlines gets ready to launch its premium economy
cabin on the Delhi-Singapore route with the Airbus A-380 on October 25,
 David Lau, General Manager India, explains to Ashwini Phadnis the reasoning
behind, and the response to, this new product.


 Why premium economy on Indian flights?
 Indian families are normally quite large. Husband, wife, children and
grandparents travel, particularly during the festival season. We find that there
have been requests where they want to surprise the elders in terms of paying
additional so that they can travel in a higher cabin class - meaning the premium
economy class - so that they can travel in more comfort and they have better
meal choices. It is interesting for us to see an average Indian person, an
average Indian family taking so much pride and having so much respect for their
elders that they are willing to pay premium for them.
 Where is the demand coming from?
 It is a mix. Predominantly, we are looking at Mumbai, Delhi and up north. But
we also notice it from Bengaluru and South India. We have travellers who
actually fly from Bengaluru to Mumbai or Delhi to connect to the A-380 to
Singapore and beyond.
 How big is the market?
 We are confident that at this point in time the economy class cabin is quite
full particularly in peak season. There are travellers who in peak season find
that airfares are a bit pricier in economy class so they want to look for a
small fare difference and say 'I might as well travel premium economy
particularly during Diwali, year-end or Christmas'.
 Then there is also a segment which wants to make sure that it can avail itself
of the additional benefits of travelling. Corporate traffic will fly in business
class anyway. It is unlikely and nor do we want to attract those business-class
passengers to downgrade to premium economy.
 Elderly travellers or honeymoon travellers or people who just want to pamper
themselves or people who want to travel in peak season and want to make sure
their travel is hassle free upgrade themselves to premium economy travel.
 Can you give some kind of idea of the difference in fares between maximum
economy and minimum premium economy?
 If you look at the highest economy class airfare that is normally called full Y
class and the starting level in premium economy the P level class, the
difference between the highest economy class fares and lowest premium economy
class fares is within the range of 10 per cent.
 But if you look at the lowest economy class fare and lowest premium economy
class fare, you are looking at a difference of 50 per cent. It ranges from 10 to
50 per cent. During the peak season like Diwali or year-end the difference is so
little that people may say they might as well fly premium economy.
 Why premium economy only on night flights?
 We noticed that during day flights people do not really sleep. They might dose.
So they may not fully enjoy or aspire for the benefits of premium economy class.
The premium economy seat has an 8-inch recline as compared to very little in
economy. We are talking about full leather as against fabric. It is like sitting
on your favourite couch chair at home.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 8, 2015 6:30 AM EST

Indian economy full of potential: Chinese expert

LENGTH: 605  words


The Indian economy is full of potential, but how to ensure real growth will test
"the wisdom of leaders", said a Chinese expert in a state-run daily.

An opinion piece "Can India benefit from Chinese economic slowdown? Think twice"
in the Global Times on Sep 7 said that as a rising power, India has set the
economy as first priority since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took office.

"New Delhi also holds the ambition of replacing China as the new global factory.
The slowdown in the Chinese growth rate seems to offer India a good chance to
reach the goal," said Zhao Gancheng who is director of Center for Asia-Pacific
Studies, Shanghai Institutes for International Studies.

Zhao said it raises the question of the nature, relevance and interactions of
the Chinese and Indian economy.

"Many analysts correctly point out that the two economies started nearly at the
same level in 1980s until the early 1990s, when the per capita GDP was almost
the same. But in the next two decades, the fast growth of Chinese economy has
widened the gap," said the opinion piece.

Dwelling on the factors that have hampered the Indian economy, the article said
that most "important reasons lie in their policy options and domestic
development rather than external environment or international factors. Frankly,
China confronted a much harsher external situation during the period than India
did".

"The Indian economy is full of potential, and how to make it become real growth
tests the wisdom of leaders," it noted.

When Modi was chief minister of Gujarat, the state's remarkable achievements
were a proof of how important good policies are. The Indian people chose Modi as
their prime minister in the hope that the Gujarat model can be copied to the
whole nation.

"As for China, having developed fast for decades, its economy has reached a new
level with an annual GDP as high as $10 trillion ($7,594 per capita), compared
to India's more than $2 trillion ($1,631 per capita). Given that accumulation
and development, the Chinese economy has entered the "new normal", in which high
growth rate turns to a medium rate, and the economic restructuring is well
underway."

It went on to say that China is pursuing a higher level on the economic stage.
That, in principle, should not affect the Indian economy negatively.

"The two economies are now in two different categories. Chinese actions will
affect the developed economies enormously, as has already been observed, but
whether it grows fast or slow will not affect the Indian economy much," the
article said.

Zhao pointed out that the success of the Indian economy in the years ahead lies
in a number of crucial elements, and "the most important ones are likely the
leadership's policy options and internal interactions, which have so far not yet
presented a very optimistic picture".

"Although Modi has been devoted to creating an FDI-friendly environment in order
to attract more investment, the results have not been as good as expected. Local
interests are difficult for the federal government to coordinate and address
when implementing relevant policies," Zhao added.

The opinion piece also observed that although the Chinese economy does not
compete directly with the Indian one, the effect the former imposes on the
global economy is likely to influence the Indian economy.

"In this regard, whether a slowing Chinese economy will really create more
opportunities for the Indian economy needs rethinking."

"...if the global economy slows down further as part of the results of Chinese
economic restructuring, it would be difficult to see why a sluggish world
economy would help the Indian economy anyway."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2015 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Fly in more comfort with premium economy

BYLINE: Kate Burgess

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 667 words


Pay the extra and get better service while avoiding the squash in economy class,
writes Kate Burgess.For those of us sick of being cramped in cattle class who
baulk at the cost of a business class upgrade, an alternative is available.
Premium economy fares offer a taste of business class - bigger seats, more
legroom and better service - for a smaller cost.

It's never been a better time to travel in style, thanks to the strong Aussie
dollar, which makes overseas travel more affordable. Chinese demand for
Australian commodities and a strong outlook for the global economic recovery
mean that the Australian dollar isn't likely to retreat soon.

With the Australian dollar buying more than US90Â¢Â¢ and likely to stay there,
you're already saving thousands off the cost of your trip in US dollar terms.

Before you splash out on a fancy hotel, consider upgrading to a more comfortable
journey. How many times have you arrived at your dream holiday destination
feeling, looking (and smelling) worse than you'd like? Pity those poor souls who
arranged overseas holidays in the first few months of the year. In April, one
Aussie dollar was worth a measly US66Â¢. A holiday budget of $10,000 converted
to just $US6600.

Now, the Aussie dollar is threatening to reach parity with the US dollar. With
an Aussie dollar buying US92Â¢, your $10,000 holiday will take you a lot
further. The $US9200 instantly expands your hip pocket by $US2600.

Flights from Sydney to London on an A380 aircraft cost about $2000 return for
economy. Premium economy costs roughly double, while business class costs double
that again.

Premium economy fares are chiefly bought by holidaymakers in search of more
comfort, says Travel Associates consultant Joanne Kennedy. "Premium economy is
not business class. It's for the passenger sick of being squashed in economy
class and wanting better service," she says.

These fares are mainly offered on long-haul routes out of Australia to
destinations such as London, Frankfurt or Los Angeles. They were conceived by
low-cost carrier V Atlantic, in place of a business class service. Qantas,
British Airways, Air New Zealand, Eva Air and JAL now offer premium economy.

Travel agents say the features and benefits of premium economy vary between
carriers.

"There is a huge difference between BA and Qantas," Young says. "With BA you're
just at the front of the economy cabin. Qantas uses the same wine menu and has
the same snacks as business class."

Mixed economy fares are worth considering for long-haul flights. Flying from
Sydney to London for example, you would fly economy class to Singapore, then
switch to premium economy or business for the longer leg to London. This option
means you actually get to lie down (assuming there's a flat bed) and receive
proper business class service for some of the trip.

Premium economy seats are wider than cattle class, recline further and have a
greater distance between the top of the seat and the seat in front, referred to
as "seat pitch".

Some airlines are ripping out old business class seats to furnish their premium
economy cabins, while others have designed new seats from scratch. The seat size
varies among aircraft, but in some instances you could get lucky, according to
Trailfinders consultant Nick Young.

"If you're flying Qantas Hong Kong to London return, if you book premium economy
you get a business class seat. But mostly premium economy has a 38-inch seat
pitch," he says.

Typical economy seats have a seat pitch of 30 to 31 inches. Premium economy
seats don't usually allow passengers to lie flat, but some recline up to nine
inches while economy seats hardly move. Premium economy seats, at 19.5 inches
wide, are only slightly more generous than 18 inch economy seats.

There is a designated check-in area, extra baggage allowance, priority boarding
and a separate cabin in the aircraft.

Cabin service is reportedly better - Qantas boasts a Neil Perry-inspired menu
and in-flight sommelier. British Airways offers in-seat power for laptops.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Typical economy seats have a seat pitch of only 30 to 31 inches.
Photo Joe Armao

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            March 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Extent of the black economy overstated

BYLINE: Fiona Buffini

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 395 words


The size of the cash economy is a lot smaller than we think, according to an
academic whose analysis suggests that past estimates of the size of the
underground economy in Australia are improbable.

Researchers previously put the size of the cash economy in Australia as high as
15 per cent of GDP, or $6000 per person, although it is notoriously hard to
measure.

Liberal backbencher Malcolm Turnbull this week called for a crackdown on tax
avoidance, saying the cash economy was "a very big item".

Treasurer Peter Costello has claimed that tax reforms, especially the GST, have
netted an extra $3.5 billion from the black economy.

But a senior research fellow at the Australian National University, Trevor
Breusch, said the model used to produce the 15 per cent estimates was
unscientific.

He said the model, used in widely reported studies by Chris Bajada, was flawed
because it produced a different answer if one of the inputs was slightly
altered.

Measuring tax rates as a decimal rather than a percentage, for instance,
produced a completely different answer a cash economy so small it was negative.

"We see that the calculation of the underground economy depends in an entirely
arbitrary way on the units of measurement employed for the tax ratio variable,"
says a paper by Dr Breusch examining the maths of the earlier estimates.

Adjusting the model for this problem resulted in a "trivially small" estimate of
the cash economy.

Also, another of the model's assumptions was "superficially attractive but
utterly implausible". The model assumes the amount of work that cash does in the
underground economy is the same as in the official economy.

"On this account alone, the estimated size of the underground economy in
Australia is several times too high to be credible," he said.

Correcting for that assumption cut the estimated size of the cash economy down
to between 1 per cent and 2 per cent of GDP, Dr Breusch said, which was
consistent with Australian Bureau of Statistics estimates.

"The cash economy is certainly out there . . . but what I'm very doubtful of is
that it's 15 per cent of GDP."

Dr Bajada had no comment yesterday.

The ATO's latest cash economy taskforce report said tax evasion in the cash
economy was very difficult to measure. While estimates put it at between 3 per
cent and 15 per cent of GDP, the higher estimates were "highly improbable", the
ATO said.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Transformation central to China's growth

BYLINE: Li Yang

SECTION: FROM CHINESE PRESS

LENGTH: 398 words


There is still a long way to go before China catches up with the United States
in terms of growth quality. The government's dedication to transformation is
based on Chinese leaders' awareness of the practical situation. If China
continues its strong stimulus plan, it will fall further behind the US, despite
temporary fast growth on paper, says article in the 21stCentury Business Herald.
Excerpt:

According to the International Monetary Fund's estimate of purchasing power
parity (PPP), the US economy this year is worth $17.4 trillion and China's $17.6
trillion, meaning China overtook the US as the world's largest economy. The IMF
even specified the exact date, Sept 29, when the latest exchange rate was issued
for the calculation.

The IMF predicts the Chinese economy will surpass the US by 0.12 percent this
year and 20 percent in 2019. In 2005 the Chinese economy was less than half that
of the US.

The IMF issued its Outlook for the World Economy on Tuesday, based on PPP
calculations. The seven largest emerging market economies' total gross domestic
product (GDP) is larger than the G7, seven old industrial economies of the West.

Although PPP is not a precise method reflecting the real size of an economy, the
IMF wants to show a trend that China will overtake the US as the world's largest
economy, and that emerging market economies will surpass the old developed
countries.

There is obviously uncertainty in the prediction. The slowdown of the old
developed economies resulted from the 2008 financial crisis. They are struggling
to balance bailout measures and structural reforms.

There are three reasons behind the emerging market economies' high-speed growth:
the quantitative easing policies of the Federal Reserve make money flow to new
markets; these economies' huge stimulus package at home, and China's stimulus
plan increased the emerging market economies' export.

The US economy is recovering. Emerging market economies face difficult
transformation challenges. The economic imbalance caused by strong stimulus
appears in many sectors. Both domestic demand and export are dropping. That the
Federal Reserve will eventually increase the interest rate will influence
emerging market economies too.

Those economies, including China, must take the initiative to restructure. This
is a painful process, but, if completed, will lay a solid foundation for growth
in the long term.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Economy - Jonathan Group Tackles Atiku

BYLINE: Chuks Okocha

LENGTH: 620  words

DATELINE: Abuja


Less than 24 hours that the Federal Executive Council cautioned the northern
presidential aspirant, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar not to play politics with the
economy, the Jonathan/Sambo Presidential campaigns also took a swipe on the
former Vice President over allegation that President Goodluck Jonathan was
mismanaging the nation's economy, while describing Atiku as a liar.

Atiku had in a press conference on Tuesday asked some pertinent questions on the
economy. He asked: "Why are our budgets not being implemented? Why has the money
in our Excess Crude Account disappeared at a time when oil prices have been way
above the benchmark used for our budget estimates? Why are our foreign reserves
being depleted to dangerous levels leading to rating agencies downgrading our
status?

But the Director Research and Strategy of Jonathan/Sambo Campaign, Mike Omeri,
said the campaign organization noted with dismay that Atiku displayed stark
ignorance on the performance of the economy, stressing that even the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) acknowledged the upward movement of our
economy and has rated the nation's economy as buoyant.

According to the Director of Research, "We maintained that Nigeria's external
debt at the point of exit in 2005 was $3.5 billion dollars and only rose to $4.5
billion dollars in 2010. Only this month, the IMF confirmed that the economy of
sub-Saharan African will be among the best performing in the world this year and
next, lagging only behind those in emerging Asia. IMF also raised its growth
forecast for Nigeria's economy to 7.4 percent in both 2010 and 2011 from 7
percent and 7.3 percent respectively.

"At the moment, the nation's public debt to Gross Domestic Products (GDP) is
11.8 percent, a country like the United Kingdom (UK) public debt to GDP is 68.20
percent, the United State of America (USA) public debt to GDP is 53.50 percent,
while Brazil public debt to GDP is 59.50 percent for the 2009 estimate".

Omeri said that the President Jonathan led administration is running an
excellent economy, citing the international global statistics as basis for
faulting the position of the former vice president.

According to him, "In fact, we are the third fastest growing economy in the
world today by IMF and World Bank. Anybody can go the internet and download this
information. Our economy rating since Obasanjo administration till date has
remained B.B rating. We have not been downgraded. With all the respect, Atiku
displayed emptiness and ignorance commenting on our economy, and such a man
should not dream or contemplate managing an economy he knows next to nothing
about.

Omeri accused Alhaji Atiku of mortgaging the Nigerian economy when he held sway
as Vice President between 1999 to 2007.

"We are all witnesses to the kind of economy Atiku ran as Vice President when he
mortgaged our common heritage to himself and his cronies. Atiku is the least
person to talk about economy he ran aground. He lacked the moral standing and
should be schooled on basic economies. "Atiku who ordinarily should be behind
bars for bringing the nation's economy to its knees when he supervised the
selling of our collective wealth in the guise of privatization would have the
temerity to speak ill of a hard working President like Goodluck Jonathan. "It is
a statement of fact that while former President Olusegun Obasanjo was working
hard to save Nigeria from her pariah status, Atiku was busy lining his pockets.
President Jonathan is only working hard to clean the mess of corruption
bequeathed by Atiku. The organization urged Nigerians to disregard the comments
of Atiku on the economy, "because people know that our economy is in good stead
and President Jonathan is managing it prudently".

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            April 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Survey: B.C. less optimistic than neighbours on economy: survey says; Alberta,
Saskatchewan more optimistic thanks to energy, grain sectors

BYLINE: Brian Morton, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 601  words


British Columbians are less likely than their two closest provincial neighbours
to describe their economy as running on all cylinders, according to a survey by
the Canada West Foundation.

"There is considerable variation in perceptions of provincial economies, with
Alberta and Saskatchewan residents being more likely, and B.C. and Manitoba
residents being less likely, to describe their current provincial economy as
excellent or good," the survey stated in its conclusions.

Helmut Pastrick, chief economist for Credit Union Central BC, said in an
interview that he believes the province's forestry sector has much to do with
how the province's economy is being perceived.

"A different industry mix counts for part of it," said Pastrick. "In B.C., our
lumber sector is taking a hit from the U.S. housing [downturn]. We're hearing
more negative news about the lumber sector, while in Alberta and Saskatchewan
they're hearing more positive news about the energy and grains sectors. Wheat
prices are at record highs. That affects perception."

The survey concluded that western Canadians generally feel their national,
provincial and local economies have improved during the past five years.

Although only one-third of western Canadians expect the national economy to
improve over the next five years, most anticipate that they will personally be
better off financially in five years time.

The survey noted that Albertans are the most positive about their provincial
economy, with nine in 10 stating that it is excellent or good.

However, the survey said, the numbers drop in B.C., where about 74 per cent give
the economy a positive assessment "and one-quarter give the economy a fair or
poor rating."

Manitoba scored the lowest in the survey, with just six in 10 perceiving the
economy as excellent or good, and one-third saying it is fair or poor.

As well, the survey said that British Columbians are slightly less likely to
feel that their provincial economy improved over the past five years.

Robert Roach, director of research for Canada West Foundation, said in an
interview that he also believes the state of B.C.'s forestry industry might be
the reason for the lower perception of the province's economy.

"It's still high in B.C., with 74 per cent overall pretty bullish about the
economy," said Roach. "In B.C. things are doing well, but in some of the logging
communities in the Interior things aren't booming. In Alberta and Saskatchewan
the economies are booming. I think it's as simple as that."

The survey also concluded that eight in 10 residents of big cities rate their
local economy as excellent or good compared to just six in 10 in rural areas.

The survey noted that just 55.9 per cent of Vancouver residents believe their
local economy is better than five years ago, compared to 77.1 per cent in
Saskatoon, 66.8 per cent in Calgary and 44.8 per cent in Winnipeg.

As well, the survey concluded that British Columbians are least confident in the
national economy, with 71.4 per cent giving the Canadian economy a positive
rating, and 27.6 per cent fair or poor rating. Overall, the western provinces
gave the Canadian economy a positive rating of 73.1 per cent, compared to 26 per
cent giving it a fair or poor rating.

British Columbians also had slightly lower expectations for the national economy
in five years.

As well, 70.6 per cent of British Columbians believe their local economy is
excellent or good, compared to 73.1 per cent for the western provinces as a
whole.

A total of 4,000 residents were interviewed for the survey, which was conducted
between Jan. 2 and Feb. 8, 2008.

bmorton@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             April 27, 2015 Monday

Cashing in from the changing paradigms

LENGTH: 367  words


Lufthansa launched its fourth cabin, the premium economy class, in October 2014,
and the first flight with the new cabin to China started in December. Though the
fourth cabin is available on several routes from China to Germany, China Daily
decided to understand first-hand what it was like to be in the new cabin on a
flight from Beijing to Frankfurt.

First-off, passengers in the premium economy class can check in two pieces of
baggage totaling up to 23 kilograms, which is one more than that permitted in
the economy class. The check-in process is the same as for the economy class,
but passengers can use the carrier's business lounge for a fee of about 25 euros
($26.41) per person.

We flew on a Boeing 747-8, which had 32 premium economy class seats positioned
between two sections of economy class seats.

Annette Mann, Lufthansa's director of launch management premium economy, said
the carrier chose such a layout to avoid the toilets near the middle gate.

What was interesting to note was the layout was more like an on-board
demonstration, as flight pursers invited all the passengers on board to check
out the facilities. At first glance, it offers 50 percent more space to stretch
out, has a footrest on the first row and a bigger entertainment screen.

Not surprisingly, four passengers sought upgrades from economy to premium
economy class seats and each of them paid 300 euros for the upgrade, said Doris
Lelieveld Maurer, purser of that flight.

Welcome drinks are provided to premium economy class passengers and food was
served on china tableware. However, the two meals we had on board the flight
were no different from the ones available in the economy class.

Actually, the whole design of premium economy class is closer to economy class
than business class, since the carrier aims to upgrade its consumers from
economy class rather than grab passengers from the business class.

The performance of premium economy class also reflected the carrier's target, as
65 percent of the premium economy class consumers were upgraded from Lufthansa's
economy class, while only 5 percent of them were downgrades from business class.
The balance 30 percent were new consumers.

(China Daily 04/27/2015 page15)

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Cashing in from the changing paradigms

BYLINE: WANG WEN

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 362 words


Lufthansa launched its fourth cabin, the premium economy class, in October 2014,
and the first flight with the new cabin to China started in December. Though the
fourth cabin is available on several routes from China to Germany, China Daily
decided to understand first-hand what it was like to be in the new cabin on a
flight from Beijing to Frankfurt.

First-off, passengers in the premium economy class can check in two pieces of
baggage totaling up to 23 kilograms, which is one more than that permitted in
the economy class. The check-in process is the same as for the economy class,
but passengers can use the carrier's business lounge for a fee of about 25 euros
($26.41) per person.

We flew on a Boeing 747-8, which had 32 premium economy class seats positioned
between two sections of economy class seats.

Annette Mann, Lufthansa's director of launch management premium economy, said
the carrier chose such a layout to avoid the toilets near the middle gate.

What was interesting to note was the layout was more like an on-board
demonstration, as flight pursers invited all the passengers on board to check
out the facilities. At first glance, it offers 50 percent more space to stretch
out, has a footrest on the first row and a bigger entertainment screen.

Not surprisingly, four passengers sought upgrades from economy to premium
economy class seats and each of them paid 300 euros for the upgrade, said Doris
Lelieveld Maurer, purser of that flight.

Welcome drinks are provided to premium economy class passengers and food was
served on china tableware. However, the two meals we had on board the flight
were no different from the ones available in the economy class.

Actually, the whole design of premium economy class is closer to economy class
than business class, since the carrier aims to upgrade its consumers from
economy class rather than grab passengers from the business class.

The performance of premium economy class also reflected the carrier's target, as
65 percent of the premium economy class consumers were upgraded from Lufthansa's
economy class, while only 5 percent of them were downgrades from business class.
The balance 30 percent were new consumers.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Cashing in from the changing paradigms

BYLINE: Wang Wen

LENGTH: 367  words


Lufthansa launched its fourth cabin, the premium economy class, in October 2014,
and the first flight with the new cabin to China started in December. Though the
fourth cabin is available on several routes from China to Germany, China Daily
decided to understand first-hand what it was like to be in the new cabin on a
flight from Beijing to Frankfurt.

First-off, passengers in the premium economy class can check in two pieces of
baggage totaling up to 23 kilograms, which is one more than that permitted in
the economy class. The check-in process is the same as for the economy class,
but passengers can use the carrier's business lounge for a fee of about 25 euros
($26.41) per person.

We flew on a Boeing 747-8, which had 32 premium economy class seats positioned
between two sections of economy class seats.

Annette Mann, Lufthansa's director of launch management premium economy, said
the carrier chose such a layout to avoid the toilets near the middle gate.

What was interesting to note was the layout was more like an on-board
demonstration, as flight pursers invited all the passengers on board to check
out the facilities. At first glance, it offers 50 percent more space to stretch
out, has a footrest on the first row and a bigger entertainment screen.

Not surprisingly, four passengers sought upgrades from economy to premium
economy class seats and each of them paid 300 euros for the upgrade, said Doris
Lelieveld Maurer, purser of that flight.

Welcome drinks are provided to premium economy class passengers and food was
served on china tableware. However, the two meals we had on board the flight
were no different from the ones available in the economy class.

Actually, the whole design of premium economy class is closer to economy class
than business class, since the carrier aims to upgrade its consumers from
economy class rather than grab passengers from the business class.

The performance of premium economy class also reflected the carrier's target, as
65 percent of the premium economy class consumers were upgraded from Lufthansa's
economy class, while only 5 percent of them were downgrades from business class.
The balance 30 percent were new consumers.

(China Daily 04/24/2015 page15)

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Cashing in from the changing paradigms

BYLINE: WANG WEN

LENGTH: 362  words


Lufthansa launched its fourth cabin, the premium economy class, in October 2014,
and the first flight with the new cabin to China started in December. Though the
fourth cabin is available on several routes from China to Germany, China Daily
decided to understand first-hand what it was like to be in the new cabin on a
flight from Beijing to Frankfurt.

First-off, passengers in the premium economy class can check in two pieces of
baggage totaling up to 23 kilograms, which is one more than that permitted in
the economy class. The check-in process is the same as for the economy class,
but passengers can use the carrier's business lounge for a fee of about 25 euros
($26.41) per person.

We flew on a Boeing 747-8, which had 32 premium economy class seats positioned
between two sections of economy class seats.

Annette Mann, Lufthansa's director of launch management premium economy, said
the carrier chose such a layout to avoid the toilets near the middle gate.

What was interesting to note was the layout was more like an on-board
demonstration, as flight pursers invited all the passengers on board to check
out the facilities. At first glance, it offers 50 percent more space to stretch
out, has a footrest on the first row and a bigger entertainment screen.

Not surprisingly, four passengers sought upgrades from economy to premium
economy class seats and each of them paid 300 euros for the upgrade, said Doris
Lelieveld Maurer, purser of that flight.

Welcome drinks are provided to premium economy class passengers and food was
served on china tableware. However, the two meals we had on board the flight
were no different from the ones available in the economy class.

Actually, the whole design of premium economy class is closer to economy class
than business class, since the carrier aims to upgrade its consumers from
economy class rather than grab passengers from the business class.

The performance of premium economy class also reflected the carrier's target, as
65 percent of the premium economy class consumers were upgraded from Lufthansa's
economy class, while only 5 percent of them were downgrades from business class.
The balance 30 percent were new consumers.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 April 24, 2015

Cashing in from the changing paradigms

BYLINE: WANG WEN

LENGTH: 362  words


Lufthansa launched its fourth cabin, the premium economy class, in October 2014,
and the first flight with the new cabin to China started in December. Though the
fourth cabin is available on several routes from China to Germany, China Daily
decided to understand first-hand what it was like to be in the new cabin on a
flight from Beijing to Frankfurt.

First-off, passengers in the premium economy class can check in two pieces of
baggage totaling up to 23 kilograms, which is one more than that permitted in
the economy class. The check-in process is the same as for the economy class,
but passengers can use the carrier's business lounge for a fee of about 25 euros
($26.41) per person.

We flew on a Boeing 747-8, which had 32 premium economy class seats positioned
between two sections of economy class seats.

Annette Mann, Lufthansa's director of launch management premium economy, said
the carrier chose such a layout to avoid the toilets near the middle gate.

What was interesting to note was the layout was more like an on-board
demonstration, as flight pursers invited all the passengers on board to check
out the facilities. At first glance, it offers 50 percent more space to stretch
out, has a footrest on the first row and a bigger entertainment screen.

Not surprisingly, four passengers sought upgrades from economy to premium
economy class seats and each of them paid 300 euros for the upgrade, said Doris
Lelieveld Maurer, purser of that flight.

Welcome drinks are provided to premium economy class passengers and food was
served on china tableware. However, the two meals we had on board the flight
were no different from the ones available in the economy class.

Actually, the whole design of premium economy class is closer to economy class
than business class, since the carrier aims to upgrade its consumers from
economy class rather than grab passengers from the business class.

The performance of premium economy class also reflected the carrier's target, as
65 percent of the premium economy class consumers were upgraded from Lufthansa's
economy class, while only 5 percent of them were downgrades from business class.
The balance 30 percent were new consumers.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Cashing in from the changing paradigms

BYLINE: Wang Wen

LENGTH: 367  words


Lufthansa launched its fourth cabin, the premium economy class, in October 2014,
and the first flight with the new cabin to China started in December. Though the
fourth cabin is available on several routes from China to Germany, China Daily
decided to understand first-hand what it was like to be in the new cabin on a
flight from Beijing to Frankfurt.

First-off, passengers in the premium economy class can check in two pieces of
baggage totaling up to 23 kilograms, which is one more than that permitted in
the economy class. The check-in process is the same as for the economy class,
but passengers can use the carrier's business lounge for a fee of about 25 euros
($26.41) per person.

We flew on a Boeing 747-8, which had 32 premium economy class seats positioned
between two sections of economy class seats.

Annette Mann, Lufthansa's director of launch management premium economy, said
the carrier chose such a layout to avoid the toilets near the middle gate.

What was interesting to note was the layout was more like an on-board
demonstration, as flight pursers invited all the passengers on board to check
out the facilities. At first glance, it offers 50 percent more space to stretch
out, has a footrest on the first row and a bigger entertainment screen.

Not surprisingly, four passengers sought upgrades from economy to premium
economy class seats and each of them paid 300 euros for the upgrade, said Doris
Lelieveld Maurer, purser of that flight.

Welcome drinks are provided to premium economy class passengers and food was
served on china tableware. However, the two meals we had on board the flight
were no different from the ones available in the economy class.

Actually, the whole design of premium economy class is closer to economy class
than business class, since the carrier aims to upgrade its consumers from
economy class rather than grab passengers from the business class.

The performance of premium economy class also reflected the carrier's target, as
65 percent of the premium economy class consumers were upgraded from Lufthansa's
economy class, while only 5 percent of them were downgrades from business class.
The balance 30 percent were new consumers.

(China Daily 04/24/2015 page15)

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

World bank ranks Pakistan among cheapest economies

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Major findings of a new World Bank report, comparing the real size of the world
economies, have bracketed Pakistan together with the cheapest economies
including Egypt, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Laos, showing price level index (PLI)
ranging from 35 to 40.

An index of over 100 means that prices on average are higher than the world's,
and less than 100 means prices are lower. According to the 2011 International
Comparison Programme, functioning under the control of UN Statistical
Commission, 23 economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. PLI is the ratio of
purchasing power parities (PPP) to corresponding exchange rates.

The most expensive economies in GDP terms are Switzerland, Norway, Barmuda,
Australia and Denmark, with indices ranging from 210 to 185. The United States
is ranked 25th in the world, lower than most other high-income economies,
including France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom.

The five economies with the highest GDP per capita are Qatar, Macao, Luxembourg,
Kuwait, and Brunei. The first two economies have more than $100,000 per capita.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies are in the middle income category. When
combined, the 12 largest economies account for two thirds of the world economy,
and 59 per cent of the world population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounts to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294bn
measured by exchange rates.

Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48pc when using PPPs and 32pc
when using exchange rates.

Low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more than two times larger
based on PPPs than respective exchange rate shares in 2011. Yet, these economies
accounted for only 1.5pc of the global economy, but nearly 11pc of the world
population.

Roughly 28pc of the world's population lives in economies with GDP per capita
expenditures above the $13,460 world average and 72pc are below that average.

The six largest middle income economies - China, India, Russia, Brazil,
Indonesia and Mexico - account for 32.3pc of world GDP, whereas the six largest
high income economies - United States, Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom,
and Italy - account for 32.9pc.

Asia and the Pacific region, including China and India, accounts for 30pc of
world GDP, Eurostat-OECD 54pc, Latin America (excluding Mexico and Argentina)
5.5pc, Africa and Western Asia about 4.5pc each.

China and India make up two thirds of Asian and the Pacific economy, excluding
Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia accounts
for more than 70pc of the CIS, and Brazil for 56pc of Latin America. South
Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

New data showed that the world economy produced goods and services worth over
$90 trillion in 2011, and almost half of the world's total output came from low-
and middle-income countries.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world - at $10,057
- means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above
that amount and half below.

Eleven economies have more than $50,000 per capita, while they collectively
account for less than 0.6pc of the world's population. The United States has the
12th highest GDP per capita.

China and India account for about 80pc of investment expenditures in the Asia
and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77pc of CIS, Brazil for 61pc of
Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40pc of Western Asia.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

World bank ranks Pakistan among cheapest economies

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Major findings of a new World Bank report, comparing the real size of the world
economies, have bracketed Pakistan together with the cheapest economies
including Egypt, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Laos, showing price level index (PLI)
ranging from 35 to 40.

An index of over 100 means that prices on average are higher than the world's,
and less than 100 means prices are lower. According to the 2011 International
Comparison Programme, functioning under the control of UN Statistical
Commission, 23 economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. PLI is the ratio of
purchasing power parities (PPP) to corresponding exchange rates.

The most expensive economies in GDP terms are Switzerland, Norway, Barmuda,
Australia and Denmark, with indices ranging from 210 to 185. The United States
is ranked 25th in the world, lower than most other high-income economies,
including France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom.

The five economies with the highest GDP per capita are Qatar, Macao, Luxembourg,
Kuwait, and Brunei. The first two economies have more than $100,000 per capita.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies are in the middle income category. When
combined, the 12 largest economies account for two thirds of the world economy,
and 59 per cent of the world population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounts to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294bn
measured by exchange rates.

Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48pc when using PPPs and 32pc
when using exchange rates.

Low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more than two times larger
based on PPPs than respective exchange rate shares in 2011. Yet, these economies
accounted for only 1.5pc of the global economy, but nearly 11pc of the world
population.

Roughly 28pc of the world's population lives in economies with GDP per capita
expenditures above the $13,460 world average and 72pc are below that average.

The six largest middle income economies - China, India, Russia, Brazil,
Indonesia and Mexico - account for 32.3pc of world GDP, whereas the six largest
high income economies - United States, Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom,
and Italy - account for 32.9pc.

Asia and the Pacific region, including China and India, accounts for 30pc of
world GDP, Eurostat-OECD 54pc, Latin America (excluding Mexico and Argentina)
5.5pc, Africa and Western Asia about 4.5pc each.

China and India make up two thirds of Asian and the Pacific economy, excluding
Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia accounts
for more than 70pc of the CIS, and Brazil for 56pc of Latin America. South
Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

New data showed that the world economy produced goods and services worth over
$90 trillion in 2011, and almost half of the world's total output came from low-
and middle-income countries.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world - at $10,057
- means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above
that amount and half below.

Eleven economies have more than $50,000 per capita, while they collectively
account for less than 0.6pc of the world's population. The United States has the
12th highest GDP per capita.

China and India account for about 80pc of investment expenditures in the Asia
and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77pc of CIS, Brazil for 61pc of
Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40pc of Western Asia.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday

IMF offers ways to cope with inflation

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 819 words


Noting that inflation pressure is likely to rise as growing production comes up
against capacity constraints, it said in the "World Economic Outlook" report
released on Monday that real interest rates are still low and fiscal policies
are apprecia?bly more accommodative than before the crisis.

Appropriate action differs across economies, depending on their cyclical and
external conditions. But a tightening of macroeconomic policies is needed in
many emerging mar?ket economies, it said.

For external surplus economies, many of which manage their currencies and do not
face fiscal problems, removal of monetary accommodation and appreciation of the
exchange rate are necessary to maintain internal balance - reining in inflation
pressure and excessive credit growth - and assist in global demand rebalancing.

Many external deficit economies need to tighten fiscal and monetary policies,
possibly tolerating some overshooting of the exchange rate in the short term.
For some surplus and deficit economies, rapid credit and asset price growth warn
of a threat to financial stability. Policymakers in these economies will need to
act soon to safeguard stability and build more resilient financial systems.

Many emerging and developing economies will need to provide well-targeted
support for poor households struggling with high food prices. Capital flows to
emerging market economies resumed remarkably quickly after the crisis.

However, as policy rates in advanced economies rise from their unusually low
levels, volatile flows may again exit emerging market economies. Depending on
country-specific circumstances, and assuming appropriate macroeconomic and
prudent policies are in place, measures designed to curb inflows can play a role
in dampening impact of their excessive volatility on the real economy.

However, such measures are not a substitute for macroeconomic tightening, it
said. Greater progress in advancing global demand rebalancing is essential to
put the recovery on a stronger footing over the medium term. This will require
action by many countries, notably fiscal adjustment in key external deficit
economies and greater exchange rate flexibility and structural reforms that
eliminate distortions that boost savings in key surplus economies.

Though the peak of the crisis is now past, advanced economies should not delay
fiscal adjustment. The IMF said it would also be a mistake for emerging market
economies to delay exchange rate adjustment in the face of rising inflation
pressure. Many emerging market economies cannot afford to delay additional
policy tightening until the advanced economies undertake such tightening
themselves.

"The task facing policy-makers is to convince their national constituencies that
these policy responses are in their best economic interests, regardless of the
actions others are taking."

The "World Economic Report" forecasts global real economic growth at about 4.5
per cent in 2011 and 2012, down modestly from 5 per cent in 2010, amid many
downside risks. Real GDP in advanced economies and emerging and developing
economies is expected to expand by about 2.5 per cent and 6.5 per cent,
respectively.

Downside risks continue to outweigh upside risks, as in advanced economies, weak
sovereign balance sheets and still-moribund real estate markets continue to
present major concerns, especially in certain euro-zone economies.

New downside risks

Financial risks are also on the downside as a result of the high funding
requirements of banks and sovereigns. New downside risks are building on account
of commodity prices, notably for oil, and, related geopolitical uncertainty, as
well as overheating and booming asset markets in emerging- market economies.
However, there is also the potential for upside surprises to growth in the short
term, owing to strong corporate balance sheets in advanced economies and buoyant
demand in emerging and developing economies.

Many old policy challenges remain unaddressed even as new ones come to the fore.
In advanced economies, strengthening the recovery will require keeping monetary
policy accommodative as long as wage pressures are subdued, inflation
expectations are well anchored and bank credit is sluggish. Also, fiscal
positions need to be placed on sustainable medium-term paths by implementing
fiscal consolidation plans and entitlement reforms supported by stronger fiscal
rules and institutions.

The IMF urged the US to urgently reduce the projected deficit for fiscal year
2011. In Japan, the immediate fiscal priority is to support reconstruction. Once
reconstruction efforts are underway and the extent of the damage is better
understood, attention should turn to linking reconstruction spending to a clear
fiscal strategy for bringing down the public-debt ratio over the medium term. In
the euro zone, despite significant progress, markets remain apprehensive about
the prospects of countries under market pressure.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           Business Times (Singapore)

What's in a New Economy?

                                October 25, 2000

Lim Meng Tat


Business models may be different from the "old' but investing should be ruled by
the same values, says LIM MENG TAT

IT has been a wild ride for investors of New Economy stocks over the last few
quarters. Through all the ups and downs of the markets, especially Nasdaq, it is
perhaps time to sit back and evaluate events and see if we can pick up any
signals going forward.

Let's divide the new economy phenomenon into three stages.

First, the euphoria stage, which was very evident last year when investors were
in a frenzy buying up whatever dotcom companies were available in the markets.
Remember when Nasdaq climbed to over 5,000 points? New economy stocks were the
talk of the town. It seemed then that those who had none of these stocks were
letting a golden opportunity slip by. Analysts were exuberant, even
over-zealous, in their recommendations. PE ratios became astronomical.

This euphoria lasted until early this year. Then came the second, or
consolidation stage. Things were not turning out as investors expected. Shares
that were supposed to continue their climb started to fall. In panic, investors
pulled out even though they knew that it meant losing most of their capital.
That's when the Nasdaq corrected in February.

Investors were beginning to sit up and re-evaluate their stake in these
supposedly sure-win new economy shares. What went wrong? Are the PE ratios a
good indication of the prospects of these new economy stocks?

But first, just what is the new economy? Many companies have the misconception
that being part of the new economy just means putting up a webpage and selling
products online. E-commerce is, in fact, only a small component of the new
economy. It is characterised by the revolution in the information technology,
including the Internet and the globalisation of business.

Being part of the new economy can also mean utilising IT infrastructure for
efficiency and speedier processes. Business models too are different. The old
economy is characterised by a mix of traditional industries like manufacturing,
construction, retail and transportation.

So are PE ratios a good yardstick? Conventional accounting may have run into
some difficulty in valuing and accounting for the assets and liabilities of
these new economy companies.

For old economy companies, classification of assets and liabilities (though
there are still certain ambiguities) has been refined through the years. New
economy companies are different from brick and mortar ones in that what would
have been classified as a liability in the brick and mortar companies would be
an asset for the new economy.

For example, the knowledge and creativity of the employees are assets for new
economy companies. However, there is no specific measurement for knowledge and
creativity. Amazon.com reported a loss of US$ 720 million (S$ 1.2 billion) in
1999. But from another perspective, it has been quite successful in its branding
campaign. Value has been created in the form of marketing, customer-building and
advertising. Investors should be aware of this rather than using the same
yardstick for the new as well as the old economy companies.  What about the
future? This will bring us to the last phase, which we term the reversal. In
this phase, we see the PE ratios of new economy companies being readjusted
lower, much closer to the brick and mortar companies. Though there may be
certain distinctions between the two types of economies at the moment, old
economy companies are already adapting by incorporating ideas from the new
economy. They are making use of IT to enhance their processes.

In a few years, the line between the old and the new may become even more
blurred. A new type of economy might exist by then. Hence, we can expect some
convergence of these two distinct but intricately linked economies.

What this means is that investors may no longer assess the attractiveness of an
investment based on the traditional approach of picking investments with
relatively low PEs as they often do now.

Going forward where ideas and information are the key drivers of growth, the
power of the technology revolution cannot be under-estimated. As a result, one
can be expected to pay a premium for investments into the future. It will be a
trade-off between the excess premiums and the potential future growth.

Ultimately, investors must be aware of the risks they are exposing themselves
to. In addition, they should not have unrealistic expectations about the returns
from investment in these new economy companies. New economy investing can bring
wealth but we must remember that if there are winners, there will be losers. For
investors, it means that while new economy stocks should form a vital part of a
portfolio, they should not comprise the entire portfolio.  The basic rules of
investing, like diversification, should still apply. Though it may seem like
standard investment speak, the time-tested value of diversification and asset
allocation will continue to hold true. Perhaps, investing in unit trusts is one
option to consider, given that they offer diversification and the expertise of
professionals. They can provide investors with more predictable returns rather
than the kind of roller-coaster ride we have witnessed over the last few
quarters.

The writer is general manager, AIG Asset Management International


SECTION: Special Section; Investing 2000; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 898 words

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              127 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Japan Times

                             June 12, 2009, Friday

Half of economists see moderate recovery: poll

LENGTH: 986 words


Takahiro Fukada, Staff writer

Even though the economy posted a record 14.2 percent contraction in the three
months to March, Finance Minister Kaoru Yosano has suggested the worst may be
over, while the Nikkei stock average briefly topped the 10,000 mark Thursday.

With contradicting signs on the state of the world's second-largest economy,
some analysts have become slightly upbeat, while others remain pessimistic.

The Japan Times asked 10 economists what the future holds for Japan's economy
and, if possible, to project its future course.

Not surprisingly, most of them replied that the economy bottomed out in the
first quarter of the year. Their opinions, however, varied regarding its path
from this point.

Half of the economists said they anticipate a moderate upturn, with something
between a V-shaped or L-shaped recovery taking place.

Junya Morizane, senior economist at Fukoku Mutual Life Insurance Co., said the
economy bottomed out in March after manufacturers started to slash production
and inventory last fall.

But as inventory gradually returns to normal levels, production is rebounding,
while the government's timely stimulus package has also helped prop up the
economy, said Morizane.

However, he predicted the pace of the U.S. economic recovery will remain
moderate and thus it will take time for Japanese exports to recover.

To help the economy rebound, Morizane said the Bank of Japan and the government
must take further measures.

"The BOJ should continue its monetary easing and the government needs to expand
the (employment) safety net," he said.

Some economists said the economy is exhibiting an uptrend now because of the
stimulus package.

Hidetaka Yoneyama, senior research fellow at Fujitsu Research Institute, said
the economy is unlikely to make a V-shaped recovery because the global economy
remains weak and the effects of the government's stimulus will eventually wane.

Hiroshi Watanabe, an economist at Daiwa Institute of Research Ltd., agreed,
saying the economy will follow an L-shaped course after the summer once the
rebound is over and the stimulus ebbs.

However, two of the economists who predicted a recovery had a slightly more
pessimistic outlook on the timing and scale of the rebound.

Shin Takayama, senior economist at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, suggested the
economy is headed for a recovery as exports to China and the United States
increase, production revives and the government's measures take effect.

However, Takayama predicted the economy will only rebound at the end of the next
fiscal year, which ends in March 2011, to the level of 40 percent of the
previous GDP peak of the January-March quarter of 2008.

The U.S. economy and Japanese exports will recover slowly and the yen could also
remain strong against the dollar, he forecast.

Taiki Saito, chief economist at Shinkin Central Bank Research Institute, said it
will take about four years for the economy to return to its previous peak.

Saito urged the government to take further steps to prop up the economy.

"Additional economic measures should be implemented next year when the effects
of the current measures disappear," Saito said.

Among the pessimists, Yuichi Kodama, chief economist at Meiji Yasuda Life
Insurance Co., said the trajectory of the economy is most likely to be L-shaped,
as the recovery will remain extremely sluggish after bottoming out in the first
quarter.

While the government's measures and the increase in exports are helping, Kodama
predicted corporate investment in plant and equipment and personal consumption
could further weaken.

Companies regard their plants as redundant and people still have a gloomy
outlook on the economy, which is making them tighten their purse strings, he
said.

As for employment, Kodama predicted that companies will continue to slash jobs
and incomes will remain flat.

All in all, the economic recovery will remain slow, he said.

Since the government's stimulus will cease to be effective around the first half
of the next fiscal year, Kodama said uncertainty could again prevail over the
economic outlook.

According to Takeshi Minami, the economy's course will be W-shaped, referring to
a double bottoming out.

Minami, economist at Norinchukin Research Institute Co., claimed the economy
will hit bottom again by early next year.

He said the economy hit its first trough around February and is regaining
strength as exports recover and manufacturers' inventory adjustment ends.

However, as the U.S. and European economies remain weak and Japanese companies
further slash staff and investment in plant and equipment due to sluggish sales,
Minami predicted the economy will soon reach its second peak from this summer to
fall, before declining again.

Minami said the second trough will come around the January-March quarter of next
year and the economy could slowly recover afterward, depending on the global
economy.

Three other economists meanwhile said they could not describe the path of
Japan's economy by using letters.

Tatsuo Takahashi, manager at Chuo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc., and Tsukasa
Koizumi, chief economist at Hamagin Research Institute Ltd., both said the
economy will continue to slightly recover by the first half of fiscal 2010.

The government's stimulus package has led to a boost in personal consumption,
causing the economy to rise, they said.

Even so, the stimulus will be less effective by around this fall and uncertainty
will remain over the employment and income situations, Takahashi predicted.

Yoshiki Shinke, senior economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute Inc., said
the economy is heading upward again as production and exports revive, while the
government's measures are also expected to help prop it up.

But Shinke said the economy could slow around the latter half of next year since
the government's stimulus will have ceased to be effective by then.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2009 The Japan Times Ltd.


                              128 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday

An Islamic economy is a sustainable solution to the world's issues

BYLINE: Abdulla Al Awar

LENGTH: 852  words


Abdulla Al Awar

The primary goal of the Dubai: Capital of Islamic Economy initiative that was
launched in 2013 is to build an economy with a sound and well-defined
infrastructure along with a unified local and regional regulatory framework that
serves as a basis for establishing an international benchmark.

The need of the hour is to unite various segments of society in the conviction
that Islamic economy is a sustainable solution to the issues witnessed across
the globe, caused by reckless economic strategies that do not take development
imperatives into account and lose sight of the human aspect amid the expansion
process.

We have come a long way in this regard. We have identified the goals of Islamic
economy, the factors of sustainable growth, and the legality of circulating
money and employing it in the real economy. Our latest cultural and scientific
mission is to produce the most appropriate instruments to achieve our
objectives.

After the UAE Cabinet announced the establishment of the Higher Sharia
Authority, which will oversee the financial and banking sector, we are closer
than ever to attaining our goals. Since the biggest challenge facing Islamic
finance is the implementation of uniform standards to regulate transactions,
this decision represents a groundbreaking step.

The UAE Cabinet, during the same session, also launched the Cohesive Families
2021 campaign. Built around the premise that the nature of a country's economy
defines the nature of its society, the initiative aims to develop a close-knit
society with economic and social roles based on balanced and reciprocal
relationships of care and inclusion.

Building a strong economy with a firm legislative and regulatory infrastructure
always starts from top and rests upon defining the competences of the supreme
authority in line with the trends, people's needs and aspirations as well as the
development imperatives. This is the characteristic of true leadership as
defined by modern economic and social sciences.

When we talk about regulating Islamic economy, we mean implementing a framework
to integrate its sectors and guide them towards development so that they can
contribute to raising the GDP and to the competitiveness of the national economy
. We do not mean isolating Islamic economy from the overall economic
environment.

The Higher Sharia Authority will conduct its activities in the context of the
national economy ecosystem, maintaining strong relations with the conventional
sectors. The objective is to spread the positive impact of the responsible
practices adopted by the financial institutions that embrace the Islamic economy
culture - a culture whose foundations stem from elementary historical theories
that consider humans and society at large as natural products of economic
infrastructure. This is what correlation between regulated Islamic economy and
stable national economy means.

Regulating an Islamic economy in its capital, Dubai, which embraces and supports
the initiative, will have significant impact on the UAE's market competitiveness
and investment attractiveness. I strongly believe setting up the Higher Sharia
Authority will enable us to achieve a more stable and sustainable economy as
well as instil the Islamic economy culture in institutions and individuals. When
the legislation is clear and the standards harmonised, they will become inherent
in the daily economic practices.

By nature, people are wary of the ambiguous, especially when it comes to the
fate of their money. The presence of legal authorities overseeing banking and
finance institutions that report to a higher regulatory body will direct the
flow of private and public wealth towards the development of a real economy,
towards production and manufacturing, and ultimately towards enhancing the
national economy base and diversity.

Furthermore, the unified sharia framework will assist in defining the priorities
in accordance with people's basic needs and protect wealth from risk. At the
same time, it will help the sector to overcome challenges not only where
investments and wealth utilisation are concerned, but also when it comes to
Islamic financial services, such as takaful, and projects based on partnerships
between society and institutions.

Another benefit that will result from the formation of the Higher Sharia
Authority lies in the model it will present to the world that will eventually
speed up the implementation of similar steps in other countries. We can achieve
this as long as we share our experience and communicate it to others at regional
and global events.

Regulating Islamic economy - or any other economy - needs to nurture a culture
of responsibility, a culture based on science and jurisprudence, which embraces
the latest developments, inspires new rules and regulations, and is compatible
with the factors that drive economic growth. After all, if the structure of the
economy is the body that conducts business, the culture of Islamic economy is
undoubtedly the spirit of this body.

Abdulla Al Awar is the chief executive of the Dubai Islamic Economy Development
Centre.

business@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Integration of dynamic Asian economies

BYLINE: By Dilip K. Das

LENGTH: 941 words


Although the various sub-groups of Asian economies represent a varied mix of
stages of development, they began integrating in an essentially market-driven or
private sector-led manner some four decades ago. This process began to
accelerate after the Plaza Accord (1985) and further after the early 1990s.
Since this point in time, Asia saw an efflorescence of regionally based economic
initiatives, which accelerated further after 2000. Asian economies are a good
deal more productively integrated today than they were at the turn of the
century.

The economic integration of the various sub-groups of the Asian economies was
first de facto or private-sector driven. Their policy- or institution- or
government-led integration is a relatively recent phenomenon. Trade and foreign
direct investment (FDI) were the principal channels of regional integration. In
addition, creation of special economic zones (SEZs), vertically integrated
production networks and increased trade in parts, components and intermediate
products were also instrumental in integrating them.

The emergence of Asia as a global growth hub is centered around China. The
economic rise of other Asian economies was followed by the Chinese economies.
Their interactive dynamics, symbiotic growth and regional integration were
indubitable notable. Rapid growth in the outward-oriented Asian economies not
only integrated them in a market-led manner but also transformed patterns of
cooperation and competition in the region. During the last decade, China evolved
as an important engine of growth for the region. Asian economic integration is
essentially soft-open and largely non-institutionalized. It is flexible in
nature and follows an incremental path. It was principally motivated by economic
or geo-economic factors.

China played a vital role in turning the region into an economic growth pole of
global consequence as well as in advancing soft-regionalism in Asia. As a large
and open economy growing at double-digit pace, China played a defining role in
Asia's economic integration - particularly during the post-Asian crisis period.
Its WTO accession enhanced this role further. China was instrumental in
promoting regional growth and integration in both de facto and de jure manner.
China has become the driver of wide-ranging transformations in the regional
economies through myriad of inter-linkages and inter-dependencies.

Integration of dynamic Asian economies was instrumental in Asia forging ahead at
a rapid pace. Even in difficult periods of global financial and eurozone
sovereign debt crises, Asia maintained the highest GDP growth rate in the world
economy. Development in Asia has been projected to grow 6.7 percent in 2012 and
China 7.8 percent. This performance is a great deal superior to that of the
global economy (3.3 percent) and the advanced economies (1.3 percent) (IMF,
2012). It was made possible by better business opportunities as well as
institutional cooperation in the region. Regional integration is one of the
driving forces behind the relative strength of the Asian economy.

Integration of dynamic Asian economies is also responsible for the growing
influence of Asia over the global business and economy. In the recent past Asia
has been endeavoring to generate domestic demand and domestic demand-driven
growth. To the extent Asian economies succeed they will have greater impact over
the global economy. It is helping shape the contours of the global economy. It
is one of the most significant events in the global economy during the
contemporary period. The theme of Asia's growing heft is attracting a great deal
of scholarly interest. It is also of enormous direct consequence and value for
the public policy mandarins and senior decision maker in the business world.

Until the last quarter of 2012, both the eurozone and the U.S. failed to put
together credible medium-term plans to resolve the sovereign debt crisis and
serious fiscal disorder, respectively. While the industrialized economies
suffered from a real downside risk to growth, Asia was in a strong position to
tackle headwinds from the unsettled global economy. Both recovery and recent
growth in Asia was remarkable. As growth prospects in the other major regions of
the global economy diminished since the global financial crisis (2007-09) and
the so-called Great Recession, there was higher investment in Asia from both the
regional players and the multinational corporations (MNCs) from the advanced
industrial economies. Strong economic fundamentals of the regional economies
would ensure consistent growth across a range of industries over the medium to
longer term.

China and Japan, the two largest Asian economies - also the second and third
largest in the world - have a special place in Asia. Of the two, China's
influence over the regional economy has been augmenting while that of Japan has
been on the wane. There have been lasting consequences of Japan's real estate
and stock bubbles burst in the early 1990s. It has had two lost decades of
insipid growth and weak job markets.

Large and small Chinese business enterprises conducting their businesses from
different Asian bases are a force to reckon with in the Asian business world.
These business houses have contributed a great deal to the continuing regional
integration. Numerous scholars have predicted that the 21st century will be
Asia's century and that China will have a major role in Asia. It has emerged as
a leader in this pivotal region of the global economy.

The author is professor of international economics and finance at SolBridge
International School of Business, Woosong University in Daejeon.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            February 26, 2017 Sunday

'Basic economy': Cheaper fares, fewer amenities

BYLINE: Julie Creswell; The New York Times

SECTION: E,E; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 593 words

ABSTRACT

MD budget offering actually a hidden increase in overall cost? When the airline
industry introduces new economy fares. Over the past week, United Airlines and
American Airlines joined Delta Air Lines in starting or announcing plans for a
"basic economy" fare option geared toward bargain travelers. For these major
airlines,...

FULL TEXT

When is a new, budget offering actually a hidden increase in overall cost? When
the airline industry introduces new economy fares.

Over the past week, United Airlines and American Airlines joined Delta Air Lines
in starting or announcing plans for a "basic economy" fare option geared toward
bargain travelers.

For these major airlines, a "basic economy" ticket means the airline will
transport travelers where they want to go. Most everything else, though, costs
extra, ending many of the remaining niceties provided by large commercial
carriers.

Gone is the ability to choose a seat for free. (Hello, middle seat!) Upgrade or
refund under the new fare? Forget it.

And, under some airline rules, don't even think about putting a suitcase into an
overhead bin without paying.

Something else travelers don't always get with the basic economy fare: an actual
price discount.

While airlines are loath to discuss pricing, the new basic economy class seats
are expected to be in many cases the same price as the standard economy fare,
meaning travelers will get less for the same price.

Instead, the old-fashioned economy ticket - the one with the niceties - is
expected to cost more.

"Yeah, the same product is going to be more expensive," said George Hobica,
president of Airfarewatch dog.com.

"It's like they were saying you were getting an introductory offer and that they
were giving it away, but no longer."

The one upside? Basic economy travelers will still get soda and mini pretzels -
for now.

For United, which began offering basic economy fares this week from the
Minneapolis-St. Paul region to its seven hubs, a round-trip flight on May 9 from
Minneapolis to Denver under the standard economy fare will cost $176. The new
basic economy fare for the same flight will be $136.

Basic economy travelers will not be allowed to choose their seats or carry on a
bag, so they would have to pay $25 each way to check their bags, raising the
price of the basic economy fare round trip to $186. And basic economy fare
passengers who try to sneak bags on board will be charged the $25 bag check-in
fee plus a $25 gate-handling charge.

In other words, the standard economy ticket, the one expected to rise in price,
could end up being a better deal in some cases than the new basic economy
ticket.

A United spokesman said that customers willing to accept the basic economy
restrictions should have lower overall travel costs. A spokeswoman for Delta,
which introduced basic economy fares in 2013, said in a statement that basic
economy travelers were not permitted to choose their seats and that families may
not be able to sit together, but that the fare "has never included a fee for
carry-on baggage and that remains true today."

Overall, the airlines have argued they are merely giving customers what they
want as demonstrated by the robust growth of low-cost, no-frills airlines like
Spirit, Frontier and Allegiant. These airlines typically charge lower fares but
add on many  additional fees. For instance, the same Minneapolis-to-Denver
flight on May 9 on Frontier is a bargain at $88 round trip.

Frontier, for example, charges travelers $6 on each flight to choose their
seats, and $30 to $35 each way for larger carry-on bags.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     January 19, 2017 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Analyzing Hydrogen Economy 2016 - Research and Markets

LENGTH: 325  words


Jan. 19 -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Analyzing the
Hydrogen Economy 2016" report to their offering.

Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy 2016 report contains a focused socio-economic,
political, and environmental analysis of the factors affecting the hydrogen
economy. The report contains an analysis of the technologies involved in
hydrogen production, hydrogen storage, hydrogen conversion, and much more.

The report also carries in-depth case studies on the various countries which are
actively involved in the hydrogen economy. An analysis of the technical
barriers, other issues, cost effectiveness affecting the hydrogen economy, and
the procedure involved in the actually implementation of the hydrogen economy
are all discussed in great details inside this report. Determining the future of
the hydrogen economy and the energy industry becomes a lot easier with this
report.

Key Topics Covered:

A. Executive Summary

B. Introduction to Hydrogen and the Hydrogen Economy

C. A Global Hydrogen Energy System

D. Current Hydrogen Industry

E. Broad Issues with the Hydrogen Economy

F. Technical Issues and Cost Barriers to the Hydrogen Economy

G. Environmental Implications of Hydrogen

H. Environmental Impacts of Hydrogen Production Methods

I. Environmental Impact of the Hydrogen Economy

J. Role of Fuel Cells in the Hydrogen Economy

K. Developing the Hydrogen Economy

L. Key Policy Questions in the Future of Hydrogen

M. Socio-Economic Features of the Hydrogen Economy

N. Hydrogen for Developing Countries

O. Hydrogen from Hydrocarbons and Carbon Sequestration

P. The Potential of Renewable Hydrogen and Required Production Strategies

Q. Role of Ammonia in Hydrogen Economy

R. An Alternative to Hydrogen Fuel - Synthetic Methanol

S. Outlook for the Hydrogen Economy

T. Case Studies

U. Appendix

V. Glossary of Terms

For more information about this report visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/klff5g/analyzing_the

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                                 April 08, 2015

IMF and Nigeria's Economy

BYLINE: Funmi Falobi

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: Lagos


With the rebasing of Nigeria's economy in 2014, it became the largest in Africa
and one of the emerging market economies in the world. However, the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its World Economic Outlook(WEO) released on
Tuesday this week, projected the country's economy to grow downwardly by 4.8 per
cent in 2015.

The IMF in its data on Nigeria said that the national economy, which in 2013
grew by 5.4 per cent rose to 6.1 in 2014 and will decline to 4.8 per cent in
2015 and move up to 5.2 per cent in 2016.

The report said that developments since the release of the October WEO have
conflicting implications for the growth forecasts. "On the upside, the decline
in oil prices driven by supply factors, which, as noted, are expected to reverse
only gradually and partially, will boost global growth over the next two years
or so by lifting purchasing power and private demand in oil importers. The
impact is forecast to be stronger in advanced economy oil importers, where the
pass-through to end-user price is expected to be higher in emerging market and
developing oil importers.

Nigeria is said to enjoy strong economy and growth in 2014. However, despite the
rebasing, the economy has not impacted positively in the lives of the citizens
as people are impoverished, unemployment is still on the high, while the
devaluation of Naira is having its toll on the economy and the citizens.

Reacting, Mr. Aruna Kebira, a stockbroker with Gruene Capital Limited, believes
that with the change in governance in the country, the nation economy might
receive growth that will impact positively on the ordinary citizens.

"There will be several projections and it can be higher. However, Nigeria now
has a change in governance and it is hoped that the new government will
formulate policies that will grow the economy." he said.

On the implication of the global economy on Nigeria, Kebira said, "If other
economies are performing to expectation, there will be a flow of funds to
Nigeria to boost our economy. Once others are performing it will rob off on our
economy."

Indeed while clarifying issues on the state of the nation in 2014, Dr. Ngozi
Okonjo-lweala, Minister of Finance and Co-ordinating Minister for the Economy
had noted that the outlook for the country's economy remained good, despite the
global economic uncertainty. But the IMF had in January said the Nigerian
economy would record a lower growth of five per cent in 2015.

However, with the change of governance in the country, it is expected that the
new government would turn the economy round and impact positively on the
citizens.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Iranian economy should be re-engineered: minister

BYLINE: Fatih Karimov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


Aug. 12--The Iranian economy minister says the national economy should be
re-engineered after lifting the international sanctions.

"The sanctions proved that the national economy was structurally weak and the
economy should be re-engineered," Iran's IRNA news agency quoted economy
minister Ali Tayyebnia as saying on Aug. 12.

"The sanctions slashed the government's revenues. So, the implementation of
development plans faced hurdles."

The domestic production as well as foreign investment decreased. If the national
economy was resilient, it would not be shocked by external pressures, he
explained.

The oil-dependent economy of Iran was one of the main factors which resulted in
stagflation in the country in the wake of the sanctions, he said.

In April, the IMF said Iran's economy had contracted by 1.7 percent in 2013.
However, the economy will come out of recession in 2014, the report added.

Business Monitor said in its April report that the Iranian economy will return
to growth in 2014, as the improvement in relations with the West and better
macroeconomic management will lead to an improved outlook for exports and
increased business and consumer confidence.

Recent improvements in relations with the West bode well for the country's
economy, which is forecast to expand by 2.9 percent in 2015, according to the
report.

On July 26, the administration of President Hassan Rouhani released its new
economic policy package for the country to emerge from stagflation.

The administration released a new short-term economic policy to push the country
out of the current state of stagflation. This report identifies financial
shortages, slump in domestic demand, and fall in investments, besides the unjust
sanctions imposed by the West, as the main obstacles faced by the country.

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140812-1AZ-Iranian-economy
-should-be-re-engineered-minister-0812-20140812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              134 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Black economy and black money

LENGTH: 815 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, July 27 -- M. A. Taslim

Soon after presenting the national budget for fiscal 2011-12 in the parliament
where black money whitening was on the card, the Minister of Finance revealed a
startling finding from a little-known study that between 48 to 82 per cent of
the gross domestic product (GDP) of Bangladesh is derived from black economy.
Despite the very large range of uncertainty of the estimate, it was widely
reported in the news media. The Minister had the difficult task of justifying
(or at the least making it appear benign) the legalisation of black money
through investment in the stock market at modest cost, a course of fiscal action
that he had publicly repudiated on several occasions in the past.

If more than four-fifths of the economy is actually black economy, then
presumably the black money holders are not really as bad a group of people as
they are made out to be; they are more like the average person of the society
and it would not be fair to single them out! The cue was picked up by the
holders of black money and their allies to argue even more vigorously for the
opportunity of whitening black money. They were not disappointed.

The statement of the Minister gave the impression that black money and black
economy are the two sides of the same coin, even though that might not have been
his intention. However, he did not clarify, nor did anybody else, that black
money and black economy are not quite the same thing in Bangladesh. The
confusion could be in part due to the unwitting application of western concepts
to the Bangladesh economy, a practice that is regrettably widespread.

This writer could not find the study, nor could he find anyone who has seen it.
It has not been put up in the Ministry's website. Assuming that the author(s) of
the study did not invent a new definition, one could follow the standard
definition of black economy to examine what might be implied by the finding.
Black economy, variously called the underground economy, shadow economy,
parallel economy etc., refers to economic activities that are not reported to
the taxman or the statistical office.

Some authors make a difference among these terms. For example, shadow or
parallel economy may include only unreported legal transactions, while black or
underground economy includes all unreported transactions. Since these
transactions are not reported or recorded, they do not show up in the national
income accounts.

It may be mentioned that 'the income approach' of estimating national income,
i.e. national income estimates derived by adding up the incomes of individual
economic agents, is a reliable method of estimation in developed countries such
as the USA. Hence, the extent of the black economy is a rough measure of the
amount by which the national income is underestimated in official national
accounts.

The sway of the black economy is believed to range under 15 per cent of GDP in
the most developed countries, but increases dramatically for the poorer
countries. Black economy contributing more than three-quarters of the GDP in
such countries is not unknown. Hence, it would seem that the extent of the black
economy in Bangladesh suggested by the study is not outlandish if the standard
definition of the term is accepted.

As indicated earlier, black economy activities could be either legal or illegal.
All incomes, even when below the tax threshold level, have to be reported (and
hence recorded) in developed countries such as the USA. Since black economy
transactions are not reported, these give rise to illegal incomes or black
money. Legal actions could be taken if the existence of such money is detected.
In this case, these two terms are indeed two sides of the same coin.

In contrast to the practice in developed countries, the people of Bangladesh are
not required to submit tax returns if their incomes are below the threshold
level (except under certain circumstances). The threshold level of income this
year is Tk 180,000. For farmers this is raised by an additional Tk 50,000.

Since only a fraction of the population have incomes in excess of these amounts
(only seven to eight hundred thousand people pay income tax), a large part of
the national income is exempted from reporting. Consequently, unreported incomes
could amount to a large fraction of the GDP, but importantly these are not
necessarily illegal. Unlike in some developed countries, all unreported incomes
are not black money in Bangladesh.

(More of this economic analysis is accommodated in Page-6 as a separate item.
The writer, Dr. M. A. Taslim, is a professor of the Department of Economics,
University of Dhaka. He may be reached at e-mail: m_a_taslim@yahoo.com)
Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

Popular Economics;
Going underground

BYLINE: Daniel Anne Nepomuceno-Rodriguez

LENGTH: 916 words


While most market watchers, economists and businessmen are looking at a
country's gross domestic product (GDP), or the measure of its overall output, to
measure the aggregate economic activity of a country, others argued that the
economic indicator is not a concrete indication of a country's economic
performance.

In a report published by the Global Social Change Research Project in May 2007
entitled: "Basic Guide to the World Economic Growth, 1970 to 2007," there are
issues in computing for a country's GDP.

Among the points raised were the official measurement of goods which are being
traded or bartered with neighbors, friends and relatives.

"GDP only measures products and services that are bought or sold, so in some
economies where things are bartered or traded with neighbors, friends,
relatives, etc, these things are not counted in GDP," the study read.

Furthermore, GDP does not include subsistence farming, household production and
externalities and changes in quality of products.

Household production includes meals cooked, caretaking and related activities
while an example of externalities is pollution from factories.

The paper also pointed out that economic growth is often underestimated as
improvements or upgrades in a certain product are not taken into account,
counting these products with the same old quality.

Aside from the abovementioned issues, the existence of an underground economy in
a country is another point in question.

Underground economy, or black economy, includes trades, goods and services that
are not part of the official economy of the country. Black market may be legal
activities where payment of taxes is neglected, or illegal activities such as
drug dealing and prostitution.

The phenomenon is known, and has been discussed in literature, under many
different names: informal, unofficial, irregular, parallel second underground,
subterranean, hidden, invisible, unrecorded and shadow economy or moonlighting.

"Official measures of GDP also often do not measure the 'underground economy',
which is economic activity not reported to the government," the paper read.

Examples of an underground economy are those people working for cash who do not
report their income.

"The underground economy could be as large as the officially measured economy in
some countries," the study pointed out.

Cause and effect

According to No-Woo Park of the Korea Institute of Public Finance, the existence
of underground economies is caused by higher tax rates and social security
contributions, increased regulation, forced reduction of weekly working hours,
earlier retirement, unemployment and decline of civic virtue and loyalty towards
public institutions.

On the other hand, an underground economy in a country may lead to a possible
"bad equilibrium".

The bad equilibrium will start with individuals who opted to go underground to
escape from taxes and social security burdens, which will eventually result in
erosion of tax and social security bases. With less tax collection, the
government's budget deficit will balloon and will make the economy weak.

Meanwhile, in a study entitled "Informal and Underground Economy," written by
Bruno S. Frey and Friedrich Schneider, the existence and increase of an
underground economy give rise to three major sets of concerns.

First is that economic and social conditions of individuals, households and
countries are evaluated in a biased way, if one relies on official statistics.
Since the presence of black markets in a country results in disregarded vital
numbers for certain economic indicators, looking at official statistics released
by a country's statistics office may not be that too reliable.

"For example, the official number of unemployed persons may hide that an unknown
share of them actually work and receive wage income. As a consequence, the macro
economic policies are likely to be too expansionary and social policy too
excessive," the study stated.

The second concern is the loss of tax revenue as black economies do not
officially report their activities, which would lead to tax evasion.

Lastly, the existence of an underground economy is an indicator of an unhealthy
relationship between the government and its citizens.

"The taxpayers are dissatisfied with what public services they get for their
contributions and seek to restress the balance by evading to (sic) the
underground economy," Messrs. Frey and Schneider said.

"It is feared that such reaction makes government unable to finance the public
goods necessary for

an economy and society. In contrast, opponents of government welcome such a
development," it added.

According to a 2002 study entitled "Size and Measurement of the Informal Economy
in 110 Countries Around the World," also by Mr. Schneider, the Philippines
ranked third among 26 selected Asian countries with existing underground economy
. The study was based on 2000 data.

Thailand has, by far, the largest informal economy in the year 1999 to 2000 with
its size at 52.6% of its GDP.

Sri Lanka and the Philippines followed with size of their underground sectors
accounting for 44.6% and 43.4% of GDP, respectively.

Source: "Basic Guide to the World Economic Growth, 1970 to 2007" Global Social
Change Research Project (May 2007)

No-Woo Park. "Underground Economy: Causes and Size". Korea Institute of Public
Finance

Bruno S. Frey and Friedrich Schneider. "Informal and Underground Economy".
(2007)

Friedrich Schneider. "Size and Measurement of the Informal Economy in 110
Countries Around the World." (2002)

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                            BBC Monitoring Kiev Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 12, 2009 Saturday

Paper reports surge in Ukraine's black economy

LENGTH: 1334 words


Ukraine's black economy amounts to some 50bn dollars, or about 45 per cent of
the national GDP, a Ukrainian business daily has reported following a survey
among experts in the field. According to the survey results, the main factors
that push businesses into the shadow are the overregulation of business,
corruption among government officials and the heavy tax burden. The recent
financial crisis also fuelled a surge in Ukraine's black economy. The following
is an excerpt from the report by Borys Davydenko entitled "Some light cast on
shadow economy" and published in the Ukrainian business daily Delo on 7
December; subheadings have been inserted editorially:

To shed some light on the dark side of the Ukrainian economy, Delo has carried
out its own investigation into the sector.

Among those interviewed were members of the scientific community involved in
studies of the shadow sector of the economy, economists from research centres
and investment companies, MPs from relevant (economic) parliamentary committees,
heads of audit and consulting companies, top managers from banks, industrial and
commercial enterprises. A total of 31 respondents were interviewed.

The experts were invited to answer six questions about Ukraine's black economy.
They could choose their answers from the ready options suggested to them, or
they could offer their own opinions.

In some cases, they were asked to rank the suggested factors in order of
importance, while in others they were asked to give quantitative estimates.

The survey resulted in the identification of quantitative and qualitative
characteristics of the Ukrainian black economy, some of which had never been
published before.

Ukraine's black economy amounting to 50bn dollars

The survey participants were asked to estimate the actual size of Ukraine's
black economy in relation to its official GDP. The results will hardly please
Ukrainian leaders: according to the survey, the average share of the black
economy is 45.4 per cent, which is nearly 10 percentage points (p.p.) higher
than the indicator estimated by the Economics Ministry. The minimum estimate
given by the survey participants is 30 per cent and the maximum is 60 per cent.

According to analysts' estimates, in 2009 Ukraine's nominal GDP will amount to
some 925bn hryvnyas [over 100bn dollars]. If the average estimate made by our
experts about the 45.4-per-cent share of the black economy proves to be correct,
Ukraine's shadow sector will generate nearly 420bn hryvnyas [over 50bn dollars]
of the added value of goods and services.

Factor of bureaucracy

In the course of its investigation, Delo also sought to find out which factors
cause domestic businesses to divert hundreds of billions of hryvnyas to the
shadow sector. The survey participants were invited to pick the most significant
factors from a list of preset options or suggest their own.

Most experts believe that the most negative impact on the transparency of the
national economy is caused by the overregulation of business: there are too many
approval procedures and permits required for starting and building a business,
and it takes too much time to get them. This factor scored 181 points out of a
maximum of 210 (more than half of the respondents - 55 per cent of them - picked
this factor as the main one). The second most important factor driving
businesses into the shadow economy (which scored 166 points) is the corruptness
of governmental authorities. Some 32 per cent of the respondents named
corruption as the main factor.

In their comments, the experts also mentioned the following factors forcing
businesses into the shadow:

- there is a non-transparent, complicated and unpredictable taxation system,
including the so-called "confiscatory" system where businesses have to pay as
much as they are told to pay, and not according to the law;

- to secure their companies' survival during a crisis, companies' top managers
prefer to accumulate funds by minimizing tax and other mandatory payments.

Criminal economy accounting for 27.3 per cent of black economy

According to the UN's 1993 recommendations, when a country's total black economy
is estimated, the calculations should include informal, hidden and criminal
economic activities.

During its survey Delo invited the respondents to estimate the share of each of
these segments in the overall size of the black economy. The results are
believed to be of particular value, because no information about the
quantitative structure of Ukraine's black economy has ever been published
before.

The survey results demonstrated that the hidden economy accounts for nearly half
(48.5 per cent) of Ukraine's total black economy. In money terms, it totals some
203bn hryvnyas [25bn dollars]. The hidden economy includes unreported production
of permitted goods and diversion of certain lines of business into the shadow
sector to dodge taxes.

A larger part of the shadow sector in this segment results from companies'
actions aimed at minimizing their tax burdens. "It is impossible to estimate the
amount of taxes not paid to the state, because our taxation system is arranged
in such a way that almost every company has to hide or optimize something. These
companies do not necessarily employ any illegal schemes, most of them operate
well within the law," the director of a construction company said.

The second largest segment is the criminal economy. Its average share is
estimated at 27.3 per cent. It means that in 2009 "shady" characters will earn
nearly 115bn hryvnyas [14bn dollars]. This segment of the black economy includes
production and sale of prohibited goods (drugs, weapons, etc.), prostitution,
smuggling, fraud, corruption, kickbacks and raids. The undisputed leader here is
corruption: its contribution to the black economy exceeds 50 per cent.

The last on the list is the informal economy, its share being 24.1 per cent.
This segment is mainly made up of household activities such as, for example,
provision of unreported legitimate services by private individuals (private
lessons, massaging, repair works), home production of various goods, hiring out
of real estate, sale of agricultural products grown on household plots. These
simple economic activities help Ukrainians to annually earn nearly 100bn
hryvnyas [over 12bn dollars].

[Passage omitted: estimated risks associated with the black economy]

Crisis implications

When asked whether the recent financial crisis had resulted in an increased
number of shadow transactions carried out by Ukrainian companies, 97 per cent of
the respondents said "yes". Let us recall that, according to the Economics
Ministry, the share of the black economy in the official GDP increased by 8 p.p.
to 35.6 per cent from July 2008 to July 2009. The experts were also invited to
suggest what could have been the main reason behind this rise of the black
economy amid the crisis.

A majority of the respondents believe that the main reason, which sent
businesses actively searching for ways to evade taxes, was the worsening of
their performance and financial indicators. Simply put, the companies started
making less profit and thus began to dodge taxes more actively in an attempt to
somehow compensate for their shrinking earnings.

The second most important factor identified by the experts is governmental
action. They explain that the state tried to step up fiscal pressure on
businesses in an attempt to prop up the state budget and, as a result, the
businessmen began to conceal even more of their profits.

The experts also do not rule out that the recent surge in the black economy can
be attributed to the fact that it suffered less from the crisis than the
official economy. That is why this surge is very relative in nature. In other
words, since the "white" economy shrank by 17 per cent while the black economy
remained virtually unchanged, the share of the latter increased significantly.

[Passage omitted: the respondents' recommendations on how to curb the black
economy]

Source: Delo, Kiev, in Russian 7 Dec 09 pp 6-7

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                          December 28, 2005, Wednesday

Korea Struggles With Underground Economy

LENGTH: 1430 words


   By Kim Sung-jinThere is a bustling and shadowy world where business
transactions, jobs and services are paid for in cash and made by word of mouth
without any formal record to avoid government scrutiny for taxation.

It is called the ''underground economy.'' The history of underground economy is
as old as the history of the government.

The main causes of the informal economy found in most of the studies are
typical: higher taxes, excessive government regulation of economic activities,
corruption and bureaucracy.

Such causes force people to resort to the ''black market,'' where economic
transactions take place in violation of price control and ration laws or to
descend to the ''underground'' where political edicts are ignored and exactions
avoided through word-of-mouth dealings and cash transactions.

The black market is a type of underground economy. Goods and services traded in
the black market include dope, prostitution, smuggling, guns and gambling.
Bribery is also considered a black market economy.

Assets accumulated through omission of earnings or faulty reporting, cash
dealings made via word-of-mouth, manipulation of profit margins in real estate
transactions and accounting fraud all make up the underground economy.

Simply put, people intending to hide from tax collectors descend to the
underground.

Eroding Growth PotentialThe underground economy poses a serious threat to a
country's economic growth potential.

Underground cash, which is most likely used for speculation, triggers asset
bubbles in the economy, as seen in the Korean real estate market.

Such an asset bubble facilitates tax evasion attempts by high-income earners and
as a result, the size of the underground economy grows.

On the contrary, growth of the underground economy would ultimately serve as a
major disincentive to faithful taxpayers who have not much assets.

The bigger the underground economy, the higher the tax burden on faithful
taxpayers will be as the government will seek ways to offset tax losses. A
greater tax burden will shrink the value of wages earned by those salary
workers, and sap the energy of those faithful hardworking workers who are paying
their taxes faithfully.

An expansion of the underground economy negatively affects the productivity of
diligent workers, ultimately eroding a country's economic growth potential.

By its nature, the size of the underground economy is difficult to measure.

However, there is no much dispute over the assertion that Korea's underground
economy is bigger that that of other developed economies.

Prof. Friedrich Schneider at Austria's University of Linz, an expert on
anti-corruption and black market expert and who developed a statistical tool for
tracking and estimating the underground economy, the size of Korea's underground
economy in 2003 was equivalent to 28.8 percent of Korea's gross domestic product
(GDP) in the same year.

According to Schneider's research on global comparison of underground economies,
Korea's underground economy-to-GDP ratio was much higher that the Organization
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) average of 16 percent.

In 2003, the ratio stood at 8.4 percent for the United States and 10.8 percent
for Japan. Even China, which is generally believed to have a huge underground
economy, had a ratio of 15.6 percent.

Expanding Underground EconomyThe greater concern is that the underground economy
of Korea is getting bigger and bigger.

According to the Hyundai Research Institute's (HRI) estimation, which defined
the underground economy in a narrow sense to be of evaded taxes, the underground
economy-to-GDP ratio of Korea dropped constantly, albeit slowly, from 1993, when
Korea adopted the real name financial transaction regulation, to 1999.

The real name financial transaction regulation requires all people to use their
real names in all financial dealings. The ratio fell from 16.5 percent in 1993
to 16.5 percent in 1999.

However, the ratio took a turnaround in 2000 and rose rapidly, reaching 20.7
percent in 2003.

Korea's underground economy-to-GDP ratio estimated by the Dai-ichi Life Research
Institute of Japan also showed a constant upward curve, rising from 29 percent
in 1999 to 31 percent in 2000.

The year 2000 was the year that transparency of financial transactions improved
significantly due to explosive increase in credit card issuances. Moreover, the
government simplified taxation procedures to improve the convenience of
taxpayers through a strenuous tax reform drive.

Nevertheless, the size of Korea's underground economy continued to grow.

The HRI attributes such ironic phenomenon to three bubbles of the Korean
economy.

First is venture industry bubble. The Korean government provided an all-out
financial support to encourage the venture industry since 1999 to capitalize on
the rapid growth of Korea's information technology (IT) industry.

However, with the burst of the venture bubble in 2000 along with the collapse of
the tech-heavy Kosdaq market, the venture bubble vanished.

In the course of the burst of venture bubble, many venture entrepreneurs
appropriated the blind money they earned from government's lavish financial
supports provided in the form of long-term low-interest loans and fled to
underground.

At the same time, debt-saddled households, mostly who invested in venture stocks
be borrowing money from lenders, turned to private loan sharks, falling prey to
high-interest private loans.

Second is the real estate market bubble. Korea's housing prices soared with the
onset of the new millennium. Right after the burst of the venture bubble,
housing prices escalated by 10 percent in 2001 and by 16 percent in 2002.

The government fueled the housing bubble by adopting a low interest policy,
which forced investors and speculators to flock to the real estate market. Banks
also contributed to enlarging the real estate bubble by introducing mortgage
loans, which involved smaller risks compared with corporate loans.

In the process, Korea's underground economy has experienced a growth spurt as
enormous real estate-rich individuals omitted enormous capital gains from real
estate transactions to dodge taxes.

Third is the credit bubble. After the 1997 Asian financial crisis, the amount of
loans raised by Korean households skyrocketed as the government significantly
relaxed regulations on household loans and credit card issuances.

Household debt, which floated around 180 trillion won in the 1990s snowballed to
440 trillion won in 2002.

The number of credit defaulters also ballooned from 2.08 million in 2000 to 3.72
million in 2003 as many indebted individuals borrowed money from private loan
sharks to pay their maturing debt. Such a phenomenon led to the growth in the
underground economy.

How to Cope?Underground cash reveals exceptionally high mobility. Investors in
the underground economy are cunning.

Thus, hasty attempts by the government to either root out underground economy or
induce those hidden cash to aboveground with incentives will only result in
frustrating failure.

Lately, there are many news reports on domestic investors' diversion of funds to
offshore tax havens. This is a premonition. The gross amount of direct overseas
investment by Korean investors is increasing rapidly and other forms of national
wealth efflux, such as emigration and abroad studies, are also on the rise.

The tax reform has made significantly easier for government to trace tax
sources. Government's efforts to tighten its control on underground economy,
midst absence of attractive incentives to keep those cash at home, will only
accelerate exodus of underground cash.

Such circumstances show how difficult it is to approach the underground economy.
The government should resolve the underground economy with a long-term
perspective rather than seeking to settle the problem in the short-term.

''The government should first devise ways to curb tax evasion. At the same time
the government should avoid introducing short-term economic pump-priming
packages and implement consistent economic policies to prevent bubbles,'' said
HRI researcher No Jin-ho.

''Fundamentally, the government should create an environment where companies and
investors can spend and invest in 'aboveground' market by easing corporate
regulations and stabilizing labor-management relations,'' he added.

No warned that the government should refrain from taking hasty decision to
tackle the underground economy issue by invoking morality from constituents of
the informal economy.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 The Korea Times


                              138 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 2, 2002 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Outlook almost clear as economy powers ahead;
Growth - AFR QUARTERLY SURVEY OF ECONOMISTS

BYLINE: Craig James

SECTION: INVESTMENT; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 748 words


According to local economists the prognosis for the Australian economy remains
exceedingly bright with few dark clouds on the domestic horizon. However, if
there are risks, the latest quarterly survey of economists by The Australian
Financial Review indicates that they are likely to emanate from overseas.

Economists expect the Australian economy to grow by 4 per cent on average in
2002. While short of the extraordinary gains recorded in the late 1990s, this
would represent the strongest growth of the economy in three years.

Last year, the Australian economy grew by only 2.4 per cent, the smallest rise
in nine years. But while the economy was softer in 2001, the softness occurred
early in the year.

The pace of growth improved steadily over 2001, culminating in the 4.1 per cent
annualised growth in the December quarter the fastest pace among major
industrialised economies.

The absence of imbalances in the domestic economy together with recent easing of
global risks has led to a remarkable consensus of views for this calendar year.
Most economists surveyed expect the Australian economy to grow by between 3.7
and 4.3 per cent this year.

At the top end of forecasts is Simon Calder from JB Were, who expects the
Australian economy to grow by 4.5 per cent on average over 2002. And, while more
optimistic than other forecasters, he believes there are upside risks to his
forecasts that growth may prove to be even stronger than he expects.

"The recoveries in external demand and business investment are clearly emerging
earlier and more strongly than the consensus continues to believe and will
increasingly supplement continued strength in household and public sector
demand," he said.

Other economists also believe that there are upside risks to their growth
forecasts, with strong momentum of the economy, strength of business and
consumer confidence and recovery in business investment cited frequently in this
regard.

Also in the upside-risk column, some economists believe that housing activity
will remain firmer than most expect.

Monica Fan of RBC Capital Markets expects the economy to grow by 3.8 per cent in
2002 but indicates that growth could be as high as 4 per cent if the housing
downturn is delayed.

"The strength of housing demand suggests there is a sizeable pipeline of work to
be completed and this may spill over into the third quarter and the slowdown in
construction might not be evident until the start of the fourth quarter," she
said.

In terms of potential downside risks for the Australian economy, top of the list
for many economists is the global economy. The main uncertainty is the strength
of the global recovery, but many also note the impact of higher oil prices.

Tom Kenny of Nomura is one to see a weak global economy as the main risk for the
domestic economy.

"A weak global recovery means that the external sector is likely to continue to
be a drag on domestic growth. It also has the potential to undermine business
and consumer confidence. The loss of the former could upset the expected return
of business investment spending."

He expects the economy to grow by 3.8 per cent in 2002.

But not all economists see the global economy as a negative influence. Glenn
Maguire of SG Australia suggests that a strong upturn in the global economy is a
possibility, leading to larger interest rate increases by the Reserve Bank.

"The momentum of the domestic economy is quite strong and the stimulatory policy
settings in place in most of the major economies could underpin a dynamic global
recovery through 2002. This would see Australian economic growth accelerating
from already strong levels and the magnitude of the tightening cycle from the
RBA would have to be greater under such a situation," he said.

One thing is clear from the survey the global economy will occupy the main
position on radar screens over the next six months.

REACHING FOR THE SKY

COMPANY   GROWTH (GDP) FORECASTS (%)

    YEAR ENDED'02 YEAR AVERAGE' 02

ABN Amro   3.5  3.8

AMP Henderson Global Investors 3.3  3.75

ANZ    3.4  4.1

Ausbil Dexia   3.5  4

BT Funds Management  3.3  3.8

Commonwealth Bank of Australia 3.5  3.8

Deutsche Asset Management  3.7  3.8

Deutsche Bank   4.4  4.5

HSBC    3.6  3.9

JP Morgan   3.2  3.5

JB Were    4.4  4.5

Macquarie Bank   3  3.8

Melbourne Institute   3.9  4.3

Merrill Lynch   3.7  4.3

Nomura    3.5  3.8

RBC Capital Markets  3.4  3.8

SG Australia   4  4.25

St George   3.8  4

TD Securities   4.25  4

UBS Warburg   3.7  4

West LB    4  4.2

Westpac    4  4.3

AVERAGE   3.68  4.01


LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: REACHING FOR THE SKY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2002 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 13, 2000 Thursday

The Old Economy's new clothes;
Hundreds of firms are suiting up for the Web, but the move;
to e-business means more than just dumping ties for turtlenecks

BYLINE: KEITH McARTHUR, The Globe and Mail

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. T1

LENGTH: 1198 words


The cheap seats at the back of the airplane used to be called economy class.
Today, you could almost think of them as Old Economy class.

On a recent trip from San Francisco to Chicago, Maurice Gatien observed that the
curtain between the big seats and the little ones was a dividing line between
the old and new economies.

In the expensive seats up front were casually dressed, twentysomething whiz kids
from high-flying high-tech companies. Stuffed like sardines into the back of the
plane were the suit-and-tie executives in their fifties from the market-poor
blue chips of yesterday.

Mr. Gatien was back in the cheap seats, but the president of e-Space Connexions
Inc. has already crossed the symbolic line from an Old Economy company to the
New Economy.

From 1993 to 1996, he headed up the Quebec operations for Toronto-based Oxford
Properties Group Inc. ("What could be more Old Economy than real estate?" he
asks, pointing out that property managers are still called landlords.)

Now Mr. Gatien runs a business which helps real estate businesses step across
the symbolic curtain and into the New Economy.

With Internet start-ups nipping at their heels - and even eating into their
profits - hundreds of Old Economy firms are suddenly seeking to make that same
transition. For a forestry company, the shift might mean selling products
direct-to-clients on-line instead of through a traditional chain of
distributors. For a real estate company, it could mean wiring properties to help
retailers implement their own Internet strategies. For a printing firm, it could
mean transforming a printed product into an electronic one.

But these not-com companies are discovering that they need far more than a
change of clothes. As firms make the transition from a yesterday-business to a
tomorrow-business, they are likely to struggle with a major shift in the
company's ethos.

"The transition from Old Economy to New Economy is a change in culture - work
culture, business culture, the way you go about things, the way you dress,
attitude, the pace at which you go about change," says Ron Peddicord, senior
vice-president of initiatives at Cadillac Fairview Corp., a Toronto real estate
company trying to move into the New Economy. "It's a whole different way of
thinking."

Much has written about the differences between the old and new economies, and
the people who run them:

* Old firms take time to make the right decision, but new ones need to make the
fast decision, even if it isn't always quite right.

* Old companies embrace seniority and detailed flow charts to ensure
accountability, but new ones shun titles and will put whoever has the best ideas
in charge of a project.

* Old Economy workers are motivated by large, steady paycheques and fancy
offices, but e-workers will toil for peanuts out of their boss's garage if the
work is fun and there is an opportunity for a big payoff.
   Though simplistic, these stereotypes make it clear that bridging the
economies poses huge challenges for any company brave enough to move forward.

Mr. Peddicord of Cadillac Fairview believes the differences are so great that
they can't co-exist in the same company, especially where the issue of
compensation is concerned.

"Compensation in New-Co type companies is dramatically different from how it's
driven in Old Economy companies which may be starring at either a stagnant share
price or a declining share price.

Mr. Peddicord says the obvious solution is for the Old Economy parent to spin
its e-business into a separate company - something Cadillac Fairview is
considering as it wires its shopping centres and figures out how to compete with
on-line malls.

Hughes Simard, vice-president of operations at Quebecor New Media Inc., says
Quebecor Inc. is an example of a business that has been successful at combining
the old (printing presses) with the new (its Canoe.ca Web portal).

But he admits that its success may have more to do with the fact that Quebecor
Inc. acts almost like a holding company for its various lines of businesses. The
Montreal-based printing and media giant has announced plans to spin off Sun
Media Corp. and Canoe.ca into separately traded companies.

Mr. Simard, 33, who oversees acquisitions for Quebecor, says cash was king when
the company was buying printing companies. But now that 90 per cent of its
acquisition activity is in the fast-paced world of the Internet, dollars are no
longer good enough.
   Like e-workers, acquisition targets in the New Economy want shares or stock
options in a young, fast-rising firm. Shares in Canoe.ca would have much more
currency in the New Economy than shares in Quebecor or cash.

Mr. Simard credits Quebecor president Pierre Karl Péladeau for recognizing that
the e-revolution is for real and for working to move the company into the New
Economy.

David Toole, a Canadian executive with Los Angeles Internet startup Forestweb
Inc., says that kind of leadership is the key to changing Old Economy companies,
which can be as difficult to turn as the Titanic.

"Big companies have momentum. They get set in their ways. And unless you have a
visionary who understands the new way of doing things and can see what it means
for the company, it's difficult to make that transition," says Mr. Toole who
spent nine years as an executive in the Old Economy with forestry giant Avenor
Inc.

Peter Stephenson, an organizational psychologist with Meridien Consulting
Services, says that even when senior executives embrace the New Economy, they
often make the fatal mistake of trying to bring a company into the Internet age
using Old Economy techniques.

He has seen well-meaning firms put top executives in charge of New Economy
ventures. While these people have proven track records, they may not really
understand the opportunities and challenges of an Internet-based economy.

"New Economy companies say the people who can make the best decisions are the
people closest to the customers and closest to the technology."

Mr. Stephenson added that blue-chip executives are sometimes so scared of
failure that they aren't willing to take the risks necessary in the New Economy.

"At the end of the day, the New Economy may cannibalize the Old Economy business
because everyone will move there. It means that an Old Economy worker will have
to be pretty open-minded to realize: 'If I don't change, I'm going to become a
dinosaur.' "

Mr. Gatien says the same threat faces Old Economy firms who chose to ignore the
e-revolution. He says many real estate companies just don't realize that the
world is different than it was 10 years ago.

As evidence, he points to those New Economy whiz kids sitting at the front of
airplanes.

On that flight between San Francisco and Chicago, Mr. Gatien was seated beside
an executive from a major U.S. transportation firm - in the back of the plane.

But that's not the only thing that separates him from your typical New Economy
executive. It's also his age. At 53, Mr. Gatien is probably twice as old as the
CEO at your average Internet firm.

Mr. Gatien says he knows how to stay ahead of the dinosaurs. "I blade rather
than golf and I keep my sense of humour. That's what counts."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 994 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            November 23, 2015 Monday
                                National Edition

Somewhere between bare bones and super premium

BYLINE: Camilla Cornell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Business Class; Pg. FP6

LENGTH: 865 words


Flying business class isn't in the budget for entrepreneur Saeid Babaei. "When
you're running an early-stage company every dollar counts," said the president
and CEO of Mississauga, Ont.-based biotech AbCelex Technologies Inc. "Being
frugal and productive takes precedence over comfort."

But Babaei has found a new tool in his quest to get cozy in the air: namely
premium economy class (a.k.a. comfort or plus class). Babaei estimates he flies
premium economy 15 to 20 per cent of the time. "It depends on the length of the
flight, the intensity of the meetings and how long I will be there," he said. "I
usually fly premium economy on flights that last more than four hours."

Premium economy often provides inflight wireless connections, and better meals
and amenities. But more importantly, the seats are often wider and have more leg
room, particularly on international flights. And the ticket price is usually a
fraction of the cost for a business class seat.

"This is like the last generation of business class," said Jason Rabinowitz,
data research manager for routehappy.com, a website that claims to help you
"find the comfiest seat on the plane." You won't find lie-flat seats in premium
economy, he said. But you may well get a recliner or cradle sleeper, making it
possible to get a little shut-eye.

That's a major selling point for Babaei. "We did a cost-benefit analysis," he
said. "When you fly economy, you're more tired and when you reach your
destination you have to rest. Given the additional accommodation and the time
spent, it's better to upgrade to premium economy."

For airlines, premium economy sections offer a chance to wring more profit from
the back of the plane by "hitting the sweet spot between bare bones economy and
super-premium business class," Rabinowitz said.

Airlines are also seeing it as a way to remain competitive. Lufthansa introduced
premium economy seats this fall in response to demand, Hans DeHaan, director of
Lufthansa's Canadian operations, said. "We haven't introduced a new class in 35
years. But premium economy caters to a certain sector of the market that we
probably were losing because other carriers had it."

Many businesses' travel policies prohibit flying business class, Rabinowitz
said, noting that isn't the case with premium economy, which is available on
many company travel policies. With economy seats narrowing and seat pitch
receding, "the upgrade to premium economy isn't that expensive and it is a vast
comfort bump for passengers," he said. Rabinowitz said premium economy has been
around for several decades, with British Airways being the first to offer it.
But, "it is really just starting now to become critically accepted. We're
getting to the point where major airlines are starting to roll it out across
their fleets," he said.

Air Canada has made it a priority.

Its newest fleet of Boeing 787 Dreamliners, for example, have 21 premium economy
seats measuring 19.5 inches wide (compared to 17.3 inches in economy), with 38
inches of leg room (vs. 31 inches) and seven inches of recline (economy has
five). Premium economy also offers a better inflight entertainment system and
the business class meal.

In September, WestJet enhanced its plus service by eliminating two middle seats
in the first three rows of its Boeing 737 aircraft. "We designed a console that
straps in to the middle seats in plus," WestJet spokesperson Robert Palmer said.
"If you drive a truck or SUV with a big wide console in the middle, complete
with cup holders and a flat spot for your cellphone, that's exactly what it
looks like."

Plus also offers priority boarding and screening (in airports where there are
separate lines), first access to overhead bins, flexible change and
cancellation, free checked bags, extra legroom and free food and beverages.

Cathay-Pacific, Singapore Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Air France, Air New
Zealand, Quantas, Virgin Atlantic and Icelandair are among others that offer
premium economy. But it can be difficult to suss out exactly what you're getting
for the premium price. "In the U.S., all premium economy means is a seat with
slightly extra leg room and maybe a slightly upgraded meal. We're not talking a
bump to a wider seat," Rabinowitz said.

Lufthansa's seats offer up to 50 per cent more room than economy class for
prices closer to those for economy class. "The reviews have been beyond our
expectations," DeHaan said. "A lot of the flights are sold out in premium
economy."

RouteHappy lets you display all premium economy flights when booking, and offers
a numerical score of the service, as well as a list of amenities included. A
Torontoto-Hong Kong flight in January, listed premium economy fares from $1,372
(Air France) to $1,899 (Cathay-Pacific). But, Air France scored a measly 3.8 on
the 'Happy' scale vs. Cathay-Pacific's 8.4 (and took an extra 20 hours). A
direct flight in coach would have cost $942, while business class rang in at
$3,936 to $10,000-plus.

Financial Post

Camilla Cornell is a business writer and intrepid traveller, who appreciates a
little comfort when away from home.

camillacornell@gmail.com Twitter.com/camilla.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Martin Leissl, Bloom Berg Files; Premium economy class on a Lufthansa
Boeing 747-8 passenger aircraft.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

The digital thrust

BYLINE: Ahmad Kushairi

SECTION: First byte; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 712 words


THE highly anticipated 2017 Budget will be tabled by Prime Minister Datuk Seri
Najib Razak in Parliament on Friday. From the man on the street to the business
fraternity, everyone is curious to know the measures that will help steer the
country in the right direction during this challenging times of a slowing global
economy and other uncertainties.

With the government bent on putting up a road map for a resilient economy
despite all the gloom and doom, it is interesting to note the keynote address,
titled "Government digital transformation: Innovative government 4.0", by
Treasury secretary-general Tan Sri Dr Mohd Irwan Serigar Abdullah at the Road to
GECommunity recently.

He had said the 2017 Budget would put more emphasis on enhancing the country's
digital economy. This new economy, he said, would have a huge impact on the
country's ecosystem and Malaysia is focused on transforming its economy based on
an innovation-led growth.

"Malaysia's digital economy currently contributes 16.3 per cent to the gross
domestic product (GDP). A thriving digital economy has the ability to contribute
some 20 per cent to the GDP by 2020."

With a population of over 30 million, having 21 million Internet users is a
solid number that warrants a focus on strengthening the digital economy. There
are also 675 million smartphones in service in Asia today and the number is
expected to increase to 2.2 billion by next year, said Irwan. Asia has always
been a strong market for the mobile, tablet and cloud market. Seizing this
opportunity to boost the digital economy as well as the tech industry will
certainly be a wise move.

Technology is the pillar of the digital economy as well as other economies. The
race to new technologies has always been a strong global focus and it's about
time that Malaysia focuses on developing its technology in the digital economy.

Data and time is everything these days. We can hardly survive a day without our
smartphones and quick access to data. While challenges may loom ahead, here's
why the digital economy warrants close attention from the government and
stakeholders:

BUSINESS productivity is enhanced through the digital economy daily. The ability
to boost productivity relies on how much we can keep improving technology via
digitalisation;

GLOBAL connectivity waits for no one. We need to be connected at all times,
anywhere. Connections equal opportunities;

FINANCE automation is the future trend. The mobile banking growth spurt has
dictated new opportunities globally through the digital economy;

MOBILITY reigns. The global workforce is becoming increasingly mobile and almost
everything is done on mobile. From shopping to web surfing and entertainment and
more, the digital economy is gaining more and more traction;

THE digital economy holds many opportunities for new jobs and skills. Analysts
forecast that 65 per cent of our children will do jobs that haven't even been
created yet; and,

DATA-DRIVEN innovation is key to a nation's economic growth. Big data will get
even bigger. New data are created every second, so capitalising on big data
collection offers strong market growth opportunities.

With potential spurring globally in the digital economy, Malaysia's 2017 Budget
focus seems to be in the right direction to boost our economy's growth and
resilience. There are certainly plenty-to-dos on the list for our digital
economy with available budgets.

Budget 2017, with its emphasis on the digital economy, will allow our local tech
fraternities to seek new innovations and talent. The younger generation will be
able to seek better education, facilities and equipment to develop the digital
economy. This will also spur creativity and entrepreneurship as well.

The time is ripe for harvesting, especially in the digital era. Malaysia must
fully capitalise on every opportunity to maintain its growth momentum and be
ready to face whatever challenges in the economic world. The 2017 Budget, with
the right measures and incentives, should put us on the right path to the
digital economy and all the opportunities it brings.

The writer is editor of BOTs, the weekly tech section in Life&Times. Trained in
maths, he has traded his problem-solving skills with writing about how tech has
helped transform the world for the better

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

The surging economy

LENGTH: 1045 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 9 -- The other day this writer was asking one of his
ex-students, who is now a teacher at the Dhaka University, what the size of the
Bangladesh economy is. He replied, after consulting the BBS (Bangladesh Bureau
of Statistics) data, it is $160 billion. The BBS statistics was two-year old. By
2015, the size of the economy grew to $180 billion or more. But more pleasant
thing now is to know that the size of the Bangladesh economy or the economy's
GDP (gross domestic product), as per the recent media reports, stands at $ 200
billion. The size of the economy is even higher in terms of GNI (gross national
income) which stands at $ 207.83 billion with a per capita income of $ 1,316 per
annum.

The income statistics shows that the Bangladesh economy is moving fast ahead and
all signs indicate that the surge will be faster in the coming days. Already the
Minister of Finance indicated that the upcoming national budget would be more
than Tk 3,000 billion with a separate outlay for the capital budget. The Finance
Minister also indicated this year's GDP growth will be around 7.0 per cent but
the next year's same growth will be more than 7.0 per cent.

The good thing in the budget-making is that for the first time in the economic
history of independent Bangladesh, the Ministry of Finance is going to have a
separate capital budgeting programme for financing the big projects in the
economy. We also appreciate the attempt for the reason that this kind of divide
in the budget will bring more transparency in the government's expenditure as
well as bring financial discipline in the economy.

The problem is not more with the availability of resources for financing big
capital expenditures, but with the mixed-up or messed-up resource allocation in
the same budget without proper demarcation between revenue budget and that for
capital. As the revenue budget is almost all engulfing in terms of resource
guzzling, the capital budget has turned out to be residuary i.e. projects are
funded if resource is available. Bangladesh now is in a better position to
choose resources from different sources including those from the multilateral
lending agencies like the World Bank and the ADB. In the near future, another
big option as to the procurement of resources for financing mega projects, will
be knocking on the door of Bangladesh, and that source is the newly- established
China-led the AIIB (Asian Infrastructure Bank).

What we see is that resource will not be a problem for Bangladesh. What the
country needs is the efficient use of the resources. As the domestic tax and
non-tax collection is going up rapidly and as the resource availability becomes
easier from the external sources, the Bangladesh budget can go bigger even by
keeping government borrowing from the internal source at the present level.

But one thing our policymakers should think seriously is that the availability
of resource is one thing and its efficient use is another. Too much of liberal
use of resources also brings woes to the economy as we saw in some other
developing economies. Use of cheap money or too much of injection of money in
the economy in the name of project financing put extra burden on the financial
discipline and promote extravagance in the economy. An economy of $ 200 billion
is, in our context, not a small one. We hope with some additional leaps the
economy will be of $ 250 billion in a few years' time. With a 40 per cent of the
economy already linked up with the global economy, this will be meaning that our
exports and imports will be crossing the present level fast and our trade
partners will be taking note of that change seriously.

Once the Bangladesh economy attains the size of $ 250 billion in a few years in
constant $ terms, the global investors will no more bypass this economy while
they set their global portfolios of investment. Then, Bangladesh will no more
need to urge foreign investors for investing in its economy. They will be coming
on their own.

The dream of Bangladesh to become a middle-income country is quite attainable.
The Bangladesh economy will be able to belong to the group of middle-income
countries by 2021 provided the growth continues at an accelerated rate,
attaining 7.5 per cent in the next two years, then 8.0 per cent or more in the
following years up to a distant future.

The Bangladesh economy has already broken the logjam, and is now at only a few
yards away from the point of take-off. The take-off periods are more difficult
for any economy. Once those periods are behind, any economy gathers pace on its
journey towards attaining the next higher level.

We dream of a day when we might be asking the Bangladesh economy for a soft
landing. Once the economy grows at 8.0 per cent and beyond up to a foreseeable
future, a soft landing will become necessary. But that stage is still far long
for Bangladesh. In the way to an accelerated growth, the going may be cruel.
Many people may not get the benefits of growth. They will rather lose more than
what they get. The policymakers shall have to see the benefits of growth going
to everyone equitably, if not equally. Already we see the sign of heavy
concentration of wealth in a few hands. Concentration of wealth is good for an
accelerated growth up to a level, but beyond that level, it brings back bear in
the economy. In our investment-driven economy, for the time-being, the
government will have to take the lead. It is hoped that the government's lead
will be followed by the private sector.

For Bangladesh, Keynes' way of investment will be needed for some time. Keynes
had opined when private sector does not come forward with investment for
whatever reason, the public sector should come forward with the same, not solely
to fill up the void, but to reactivate the private sector. The Bangladesh case
is almost similar to a condition which warrants a lead from public sector
investment in order to reactivate the private sector investment up to an
expected level.

The writer is Professor of Economics, University of Dhaka.

abuahmedecon@yahoo.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

The Globalist Quiz

BYLINE: TheGlobalist.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 765 words


THE GLOBALIST QUIZ

A New World Emerges

The weekly quiz is provided by the Globalist, a daily online feature service
that covers issues and trends in globalization. The nonpartisan organization
provides commercial services and nonprofit educational features.

QUESTION

The world that we are all so familiar with is rapidly changing before our eyes.
It's no longer the case that the richest countries have the largest economies.
To see how much the world is changing, ask yourself which of the following
statements is true:

ANSWER

A. Indonesia's economy is larger than the U.K.'s.

B. Brazil's economy is larger than France's.

C. India's economy is larger than Japan's.

D. Russia's economy is larger than Germany's.

A.

Indonesia's economy is larger than the U.K.'s is correct.

Indonesia inaugurated a new president, Joko Widodo, earlier this month. Since
Jokowi (as he is commonly known) is the first president not to have ties to the
country's political and military elites, many Indonesians have pinned their
hopes of economic betterment on him. Jokowi is taking office at a momentous
time. In 2013, for the first time ever, Indonesia's economy surpassed the United
Kingdom to become the world's ninth-largest. According to the International
Monetary Fund, Indonesia's gross domestic product (GDP) last year was $2.39
trillion (measured in terms of purchasing power parity), just slightly higher
than the United Kingdom's $2.32 trillion. Purchasing power parity is a way of
factoring in the differences in the costs of goods and services that exist
between countries. Covering 741,100 square miles of land rich in timber,
minerals and oil, Indonesia is about eight times larger than the U.K. Its
population, at 250 million, is more than four times larger than the U.K.'s.

B.

Brazil's economy is larger than France's is correct.

Brazil held a presidential runoff election Sunday (*results were not ready at
this paper's press time.) Incumbent President Dilma Rousseff, the first woman to
hold the office, is running for a second term against challenger Aécio Neves. As
of 2013, Brazil's GDP (measured at purchasing power parity) was more than $3
trillion, compared to France's $2.5 trillion. The two countries are the world's
seventh- and eighth-largest economies, respectively. Brazil's economy surpassed
France's for the first time back in 2007 -- and the GDP gap has increased in
every year since. Like Indonesia, Brazil enjoys two huge economic advantages:
abundant natural resources and a large population. Encompassing the
resource-rich Amazon River system and rain forest, Brazil covers 3,300,171
square miles and is more than 15 times the size of France.

C.

India's economy is larger than Japan's is correct.

India, too, inaugurated a new leader in 2014: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who
took office in May. In 2008, India moved ahead of Japan to become the
third-largest economy in the world, according to IMF data. By 2013, the Indian
economy was 45 percent larger than Japan's (measured in terms of purchasing
power parity). However, while many emerging markets are catching up to -- or
surpassing -- Western economies in overall size, they still lag far behind in
terms of per capita incomes and living standards. In fact, none of the five
largest emerging market economies -- China, India, Russia, Brazil and Indonesia
-- have a higher per capita GDP than any of the five largest industrial
economies (the United States, Japan, Germany, France and the U.K.). Per capita
GDP in the largest industrial economies ranges from a low of $36,200 in the
United Kingdom to a high of $53,000 in the United States.

D.

Russia's economy is larger than Germany's is not correct.

Only a very thin margin separates the world's fifth- and sixth-largest
economies, Germany and Russia. At $3.51 trillion (measured in terms of
purchasing power parity), Germany's economy was just 0.6 percent larger than
Russia's ($3.49 trillion) in 2013, according to IMF data. It is an open question
as to whether Russia's economy will be able to move ahead of Germany's soon. The
Russian economy is currently being pinched by Western sanctions over its
involvement in Ukraine and by the falling price of oil, its main export. The
world's 10 largest economies are equally divided between five advanced Western
economies and five emerging markets. At the top of list are the United States
and China. As of 2013, there was just a 4 percent difference in the size of the
U.S. and Chinese economies -- $16.77 trillion to $16.15 trillion. Some experts
think the Chinese economy will overtake the U.S.'s the world's largest as soon
as this year.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

Singapore Airlines plans 'premium economy' class in A380 fleet

LENGTH: 469  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 2 -- Singapore Airlines, which started its commercial operations
of the mega passenger aircraft, A 380, between Singapore and India last Friday -
will introduce premium economy segment in this sector. These services are
expected to start in about a year or so.


 At present, SIA offers three class configuration in its A 380: economy,
business and suites. The A 380 flight put to service in the India sector has 471
seats - 399 in economy, 60 in business and 12 in suites. Some of the economy
segment seats are likely to be upgraded to provide premium economy services.
 Globally, the company plans to start rolling out premium economy services in
the second half of 2015. SIA has 19 A 380s in its fleet, all of which will be
reconfigured to have a premium economy class of travel. Two of these have been
deployed to India - one between Singapore-Delhi and another between
Singapore-Mumbai. But, the exact time by which India will start having premium
economy segment is not yet clear.
 Ticket pricing
 SIA was tight lipped on the specifics of ticket pricing for premium economy
segment. It did not state much beyond the fact that the segment will be priced
higher than the economy class and lower than business class.
 But even that is a wide range. The business class tickets are priced at five
times the economy segment and suite at over nine times the economy segment,
according to booking data for round trip between Delhi and Singapore. The
average prices could vary - as SIA follows dynamic pricing and the company does
not give out the average pricing gap between economy and business services.
 For the premium economy segment, the airline industry charges a premium of 20
to 80 per cent on the economy ticket prices, said Tan Pee Teck, Senior Vice
President-Product and Services, Singapore Airlines.
 Peck said that the company's marketing team is working on the exact nature of
product and pricing now and will take a call on the issue in due course.
 As companies tighten their purse strings globally, the key issue is whether the
premium economy service will be "economy-plus or business class-minus", Teck
said.
 In terms of revenue, SIA gets 40 per cent of its revenue from its premium
segment passengers such as business, first and suites. SIA signs short, medium
and long-term contracts ranging from one to five years with corporates for
business class travel with a pre-decided price and traffic.
 SIA did not share the capacity utilisation of premium segment as it is
considered "competitive information", but the average load factor for all
segments put together was at 78-79 per cent in the last financial year. "An
airline can always fills seats by lowering fares. But the issue is to balance
yields (average money earned per ticket) with load factor," Teck added.
 mamuni.das@thehindu.co.in

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              May 16, 2010 Sunday

Pakistan: Informal economy and its implications

LENGTH: 1028  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, May 16 -- Informal and formal economies exist side by side throughout
the world. Formal economies are capital intensive and are fully documented for
tax collection to take place. On the contrary, informal or parallel economies
are small in size, profoundly labour intensive and are hardly documented. With
special reference to Pakistan, smuggled goods through the borders of Iran,
Afghanistan, China, and the Afghan Transit Trade (ATT) form a major part of the
informal economy. Analysts are of the opinion that the volume of parallel
economy is in between 50.0 to 60.0 per cent of the formal economy, which is
estimated to be approximately $180 bn. The informal economy's contribution
towards GDP growth, employment and trading is substantial and yet it remains out
of tax net. The real issue of the parallel economy is to bring it under the tax
net and fully document it. This is quite a challenging task keeping in view the
disappointing performance of the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR).

According to an estimate the informal economy could generate at least one-third
of the tax revenue collected through formal economy. It would be around Rs300 bn
to Rs400 bn a year. This might be an overestimation but the significance of
addressing some of the informal economy's weaker areas, such as under-invoicing
and smuggling need to be tackled to safeguard the economic interests of the
country.

The government is aware of the contribution that the informal economy can make
in boosting tax revenue, which is very critical at this point in time. However,
it has not taken any decisive action till now that would assist the economy to
become self-reliant. The federal finance ministry is in the process of
"formulating a proposal that would include multidimensional steps to lure
informal businesses towards documentation that unlike the previous experiences
would be comprehensive and will not target a few". It would be a step in the
right direction but much will depend upon the implementation of value added tax
(VAT) that is yet to take the form of a law. Analysts are of the view that
implementing VAT is likely to fuel inflation and make domestic commodities
expensive. It will also set a trend to document the economy that small
businesses try to avoid. In such a situation finding a safe escape route will be
an obvious choice by them.

One of the contributory factors towards growth of the informal economy over the
years is incidence of white-collar crimes that have been facilitating transfer
of capital towards informal economy either from the black market or the formal
economy with the connivance of FBR's officials.

The government has not played an active role to implement anti-corruption laws
that discourage informal economy's expansion at the expense of the formal one.
The recent upsurge in sugar prices is a testament to this statement.

The government became helpless because of the underhand moves of the "sugar
barons". According to an estimate, they earned Rs22 bn by hiking sugar prices
from Rs38 per kilo to Rs65 per kilo in a few months.

According to an estimate, parallel economy has expanded at 9.0 per cent during
the last three decades; a growth rate much higher than that of the formal
economy. Smuggling, real estate, narcotics, government contracts and tax evasion
are some of the few selected areas through which parallel economy thrives. The
government has been unable to create a dent in the informal economy. The
situation has not changed for the better and one can safely assume that tackling
the parallel economy at present is a much more difficult task than it was
previously because of the high stakes involved.

Smuggling is one of the cornerstones of parallel economy. Consumer goods of all
sorts are smuggled into the domestic market through an underground network. The
traders and consumers are equally tempted to sell and buy such products because
of higher profit margins and less costly rates. Domestic manufacturers complain
that it is extremely challenging for their products to compete with the smuggled
goods because of higher cost of production in the country. Markets throughout
Pakistan are flooded with smuggled Chinese products that include electronics
goods, cosmetics, and clothes.

The wholesalers maintain the stance that flooding of smuggled goods into the
markets is because of under-invoicing after the government imposed regulatory
duty and sales tax of 40.0 per cent in the last budget. According to them, prior
to imposition of these duties the ratio between smuggled and paid goods in the
market was around 50:50 but after its implementation, it has now tilted in
favour of smuggled goods. One of the obvious results of this is that the
government is deprived of sufficient tax revenues.

ATT is one of the biggest sources of smuggling of durable and consumer goods.
Tea is one such item, when imported causes a loss of billions of rupees to the
public exchequer. According to the Pakistan Tea Association (PTA), last year 175
million kilograms of tea was imported. Out of this, 105 million kilograms was
imported legally whereas 70 million was imported illegally through the ATT. This
fact is fully acknowledged by the government, but it has never paid any serious
attention to confront this pressing issue. If the government has an honest
intention of increasing the low tax revenue of the country, it will have to plug
in different holes that are facilitating tax evasion and corruption on the one
hand, and harming the industry and trade on the other.

In the larger interest of the national economy the government should strengthen
anti-smuggling and anti-corruption laws and should ensure their implementation
in letter and spirit through a dedicated staff. At the same time, it should
rationalize the taxation system to attract the influential industrialists to pay
taxes. Measures should also be taken to discourage under-invoicing and proper
documentation of economy should take place to bring the informal economy under
the tax net. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker.
For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                              June 9, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Economics primer

BYLINE: Penny Ruvinsky, Special to the Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 688  words


What exactly is economics? How much territory does the term take in? How do we
affect our economy, and how does it affect us? Community economic development is
a term you may be hearing often these days. But what is it and why should anyone
care?

There is more to economics than dollars and cents. The word economics comes from
the Greek "oikonomos" meaning the management of the household. In a more general
sense, it implies management of all our resources. In the last 150 years, we
have come to strongly identify the word economics only with the management of
money but more recently you may be hearing terms such as cultural and social
economy.

The Women and Economics Initiative of the West Kootenay Women's Association has
been looking at poverty and other economic issues affecting women and our
community.

Over the next few weeks, we will be using this space to delve a little deeper
into our "economy." To get us started, here's a short primer that explains many
of the systems used throughout the world to manage our economy.

In a subsistence economy, people value and cooperate with nature and with one
another. This system depends on the riches of the natural world and on our
ability to support and draw support from the immediate world around us.

Market economy is based on the exchange of goods and services, making money, and
the expansion and growth of capital (to make more goods and services and more
money - you get the picture). In Canada we have a mixed market economy, partly
in the hands of the governments and partly privatized.

When production is controlled by the state rather than private hands, the system
is called a command economy. The goal of a command economy is the provision of
services for the people, but little attention may be paid to natural resources.
Socialist economy is a command economy that values equality and an equal
distribution of funds. As it was designed, Canada's health care system was a
good example of a command economy.

Capitalism is the privately controlled production and sales of goods. Capitalism
and the market economy are incestuous first cousins. Global economy is
capitalism and free market trade on a massive scale. This is the ruling economy
of developed countries and is a system that pays little attention to the good of
the people. People in developing countries are hard hit by the growing global
market economy.

In a green economy, people and the environment take precedence in any economic
policy. This economic system values the ecological health of the planet and
acknowledges the interdependence of people and the environment.

Sustenance economy values our resources and encourages frugality and attention
in the utilization of our resources. It is a green economy.

A love economy is based in relationships rather than money. If you volunteer
your time in the community, share childcare or senior care with neighbours, or
keep your home and family together, you are a part of the love economy.

Since the 1960s feminist economics have been working to construct a broader and
more inclusive view of economics, one that identifies biases that exclude women
and others and seeks to address economic inequality. Our governments are now
being encouraged to produce "gender budgets." These budgets are sensitive to how
any particular item affects women and men, and encourage equity on all counts.

I hope this overview has helped defuse the minefield of economics. Over the next
few weeks, we'll look more closely at community economic development and the
role of women in that development.

This article borrowed heavily from the Women and Economy project of UNPAC (UN
Platform for Action Committee, Manitoba). If you have access to the internet you
might like to check their site: http://unpac.ca/economy/introecon.html.

In the meantime, if you are a self-identified woman who has had some experience
with accessing loan funds or training for self-employment (good or bad) and
would like to tell your story, please call Penny at 352-2859. Confidentiality is
assured.

Penny Ruvinsky is the coordinator Women and Economics Initiative for the West
Kootenay Women's Association.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 6, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

United Airlines to Offer Its Coach Passengers More Legroom

BYLINE: By LAURENCE ZUCKERMAN

SECTION: Section C;Page 1;Column 2;Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1025 words


With airplanes growing more crowded and passenger complaints soaring, the
nation's biggest airline said yesterday that it would offer its best customers
more of what has become an increasingly scarce commodity: legroom.

United Airlines said it would spend $30 million to reconfigure the interiors of
about 450 jetliners in its domestic fleet to create a new section in the front
of coach that provides 5 to 6 more inches between seat rows. The new class,
called Economy Plus, will be offered to elite members of the airline's
frequent-flier program as well as to passengers who pay full coach fares.

United, which is owned by the UAL Corporation, hopes the new section will win
the loyalty of business travelers, who make up 9 percent of the airline's total
passengers but account for 36 percent of its sales. Rono Dutta, United's
president, said that the airline surveyed hundreds of frequent fliers and found
that what they wanted more than anything else was added legroom.

"We do have a lot of business travelers who are trapped in economy," he said,
"and we have to provide them with a higher level of service."

United's move could usher in a new caste system in the air by creating the first
new level of service since business class was introduced in the 1980's. Though
competing airlines may wait to decide whether to spend the money to copy United,
analysts said that they would have little choice if the new section becomes a
success.

"We will not allow ourselves to be at a competitive disadvantage," said Bill
Berry, a spokesman for Delta Air Lines, the nation's third-largest carrier. "But
it is too early to give any kind of response as to what Delta will do."

The reconfiguration by United comes as airlines seek to reward their frequent
fliers. On Wednesday, American Airlines, the No. 2 carrier, said it was
eliminating expiration dates on frequent-flier miles. United said yesterday that
it was studying potential changes in its rules.

As for legroom, American, a unit of the AMR Corporation, said it had added seats
to its first-class sections.

United's success is by no means guaranteed. Other airlines have tried to woo
passengers with more legroom only to find that the effort did not pay off.
Critics also say that creating a preferred class in coach could spark even more
ill will when the roomier seats fill up, forcing some qualified passengers to
sit in the regular economy section.

United said that the new section would not be physically separated from the rest
of the economy section, and that no other amenities would be offered besides
increased legroom.

The added space will be generous in airline terms. "Seat pitch," which is
measured from the back of one seat to the back of the seat in front, will expand
to 35 or 36 inches in Economy Plus from 31 inches in regular economy. By
contrast, a first-class seat on a United domestic flight measures 38 inches
between rows. The width of the seats will remain unchanged.

Looked at another way, United will be returning its frequent fliers to a level
of comfort that was enjoyed by all coach passengers only a short time ago. In
the last decade, seat pitch in coach has steadily shrunk from 34 inches, as
airlines tried to squeeze more paying passengers onto each airplane.

That -- along with increased delays, a decline in food service, poor customer
service, an increase in passengers and a myriad of other factors -- has created
a groundswell of complaints against the industry. Several lawmakers have
proposed legislation giving passengers more "rights." The airlines now complain
that their customers are becoming increasingly violent, putting their employees
at risk.

Mr. Dutta said that the Economy Plus initiative was not directly related to
developments in Washington but was part of a longstanding campaign by United to
improve its customer service.

The new section will vary between 6 and 11 rows, depending on the type of
airplane. For example, on United's 53 Airbus A320 single-aisle jets, 36 of the
126 coach seats will be converted to Economy Plus, compared with 12 first-class
seats. A Boeing 777 will have 89 Economy Plus seats, 223 regular economy seats
and 36 first-class seats.

United airplanes that offer first- and business-class seats will not feature the
new section, nor will it be introduced on its low-fare Shuttle, which flies
predominantly on the West Coast.

United plans to begin converting its fleet of Boeing 757's next month and says
the entire fleet will be converted by April. The airline will start taking
reservations for seats in the new section as each airplane type is converted.
Thus, passengers could be booking seats on routes flown by 757's in October.

Members of United's frequent-flier program who have flown at least 25,000 miles
on the airline in the previous year will be eligible for the new seats along
with passengers paying full fares. The airline said that other customers would
not be placed in the seats even if no frequent fliers reserved them.

Mr. Dutta said, however, that United would not try to stop passengers from
moving into empty seats after a plane took off. He also said that the roomier
seats would be sold to standby passengers at the gate.

Mr. Dutta said that widening the rows would result in the loss of about six
seats a airplane, which will cause United's capacity growth to be flat next
year, down from an estimated growth rate of 2 percent. Conceivably, United could
lose money by carrying fewer passengers. But airlines often sell the last seats
in a plane at steep discounts simply to fill them. The hope is that the roomier
seats will fill United's planes with more passengers paying higher fares, thus
increasing profits.

Frequent fliers greeted the news enthusiastically yesterday. In a discussion
group on Webflyer.com, an Internet site devoted to frequent fliers, several
writers praised United.

"I'm sure once the word gets around corporate America (source of the highest
revenue travelers)," wrote one correspondent from Redondo Beach, Calif.,
"employees forced to sit in coach will be pressuring their travel offices to
book them on United."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 7, 1999, Saturday

CORRECTION:

An article in Business Day yesterday about a plan by United Airlines to offer
its best customers more legroom in the economy sections of domestic flights
misstated the percentage of the airline's annual sales that are contributed by
business travelers. Frequent business travelers make up about 9 percent of
United's customers but account for 46 percent of its sales, not 36 percent.



GRAPHIC: Chart/Diagram: "Economy Seating Plus"
United Airlines is creating a new section for passengers, called economy plus,
that will add four or five inches of legroom.

NEW SEATING ARRANGEMENT ON A UNITED AIRLINES 757

AIRPLANE TYPE: 727
TOTAL SEATS: 141
PLANES IN FLEET: 75
FIRST CLASS: 9%
ECONOMY PLUS: 43%
ECONOMY: 49%

AIRPLANE TYPE: 737-291
TOTAL SEATS: 103
PLANES IN FLEET: 24
FIRST CLASS: 8%
ECONOMY PLUS: 45%
ECONOMY: 48%

AIRPLANE TYPE: 737-300
TOTAL SEATS: 120
PLANES IN FLEET: 99
FIRST CLASS: 7%
ECONOMY PLUS: 38%
ECONOMY: 55%

AIRPLANE TYPE: 737-500
TOTAL SEATS: 104
PLANES IN FLEET: 99
FIRST CLASS: 8%
ECONOMY PLUS: 35%
ECONOMY: 58%

AIRPLANE TYPE: A319
TOTAL SEATS: 120
PLANES IN FLEET: 84
FIRST CLASS: 7%
ECONOMY PLUS: 33%
ECONOMY: 60%

AIRPLANE TYPE: A320
TOTAL SEATS: 138
PLANES IN FLEET: 84
FIRST CLASS: 9%
ECONOMY PLUS: 26%
ECONOMY: 65%

AIRPLANE TYPE: 757
TOTAL SEATS: 182
PLANES IN FLEET: 98
FIRST CLASS: 13%
ECONOMY PLUS: 27%
ECONOMY: 59%

AIRPLANE TYPE: 767-300
TOTAL SEATS: 244
PLANES IN FLEET: 9
FIRST CLASS: 14%
ECONOMY PLUS: 23%
ECONOMY: 63%

AIRPLANE TYPE: 777A
TOTAL SEATS: 348
PLANES IN FLEET: 37
FIRST CLASS: 10%
ECONOMY PLUS: 26%
ECONOMY: 64%

(Source: United Airlines)


                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              148 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Column: Slowing in pace, not influence

BYLINE: Amitendu Palit

LENGTH: 855  words


The latest quarterly GDP growth data for China made headlines again, for being
the lowest since the financial crisis of 2008. While the growth rate has a
statistical significance in this respect, it was not unexpected. Indeed, at
6.9%, the Chinese GDP growth in the last quarter might have marginally exceeded
some expectations.

Looking ahead, the world and China are bracing for even slower growth of the
Chinese economy. The latest World Economic Outlook of the IMF projects a
marginal upturn in global growth in 2016, at 3.6%, compared with 3.1% for 2015.
China, however, is likely to experience a decline, with its GDP growth projected
to reduce from 6.8% in 2015 to 6.3% in 2016.

If these projections hold, it is going to be one of the rare occasions in recent
times, when a better growth in world output will not be accompanied by a similar
growth in the Chinese economy.

Though it is still early days, some analysts have begun speculating whether the
next couple of years might see firming of a trend where China is no more a key
'engine' for global growth. The hypothesis is gaining currency among analysts
following every little strain and crack in the Chinese economy for demonstrating
its brittle character. It might, however, be rather premature to write off China
and its enormous impact on the global economy.

The IMF's data points to emerging and developing Asia continuing to remain the
fastest-growing regional group in the world in both 2015 and 2016. India is
expected to be the fastest-growing major economy in the group by recording GDP
growth of more than 7%. Barring small economies like Bhutan, Laos, Myanmar and
Papua New Guinea, which are expected to grow faster than India, the major
economies projected to grow 6-7% are China, Bangladesh, the Philippines and
Vietnam. China's sheer economic size-more than $10 trillion ($17 trillion plus,
in PPP terms)-makes even a 6% GDP growth add more than half a trillion each year
to the global economy. Measured in PPP terms, the contribution would be even
higher-something that not even the US economy can expect to add to the world
output in the foreseeable future.

At this stage, therefore, questions on China's ability to contribute to the
world economy remain merely conjectures. The country will continue to remain a
major contributor to global economic activity for decades to come. The point,
though, is whether other economies will come up to match China's significance in
the world economy. This is where India has become the cynosure of many eyes as
the economy that can possibly rival China by occupying as much share in global
output. India might well be capable of living up to global expectations of
sustained high growth. However, that does not mean China becoming insignificant
in the global economic calculus.

One of the most striking aspects of China's economic success during the last
three decades has been its ascent up the ranks in spite of being a developing
economy. Indeed, as the world's second-largest economy (the largest by some
yardsticks), China is ahead of all other developed economies of the world,
except the US. While India and Brazil-two other developing countries-have also
broken into the big league of the world's largest economies, they are still way
behind China's economic size and influence on the world economy. By being a
developed economy, China remains short of the social and human development
standards of the advanced OECD countries. However, as a developing economy, it
also continues to have unutilised resources for employing in production over a
period in time. This is not possible for advanced economies as they hardly have
unutilised resources and have to depend entirely on technology and
innovation-based productivity gains for recording significant increases in
economic growth.

The short point is China, much like India, Brazil and several other developing
countries/emerging markets, still has aces up its sleeve. From now on, however,
it will find the latter countries a bigger source of economic competition,
compared with advanced economies. Indeed, for other emerging markets like India,
more of the targeted macroeconomic yardsticks are going to be benchmarked to
those of China, rather than advanced economies.

China is at a unique position in its economic history, where it is midway in
transitioning from a developing to a developed economy. Like the former, it
still has abundant labour for employing in a variety of activities. Like the
latter, however, it has to take note of the relative appreciation that has taken
place in its labour costs vis-a-vis other labour-surplus economies. Similarly,
while still encouraging foreign investors to look at it closely, it has not
spared any efforts to invest overseas-hallmarks typical of capital-importing
developing countries and capital-exporting developed nations, respectively. This
unique dichotomy is likely to maintain it as one of the world's most powerful
economic influences for several more years.

The author is senior research fellow at the Institute of South Asian Studies,
National University of Singapore. Views are personal

isasap@nus.edu.sg

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday

Bank of Japan Regional Economic Report (Summary) (July 2010)

LENGTH: 2276  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 08 -- Bank of Japan has issued following Regional Economic Report
(Summary) (July 2010):

Eight regions (Hokkaido, Tohoku, Hokuriku, Kanto-Koshinetsu, Kinki, Chugoku,
Shikoku, and Kyushu-Okinawa) judged that, compared with the assessment in April
2010, their economic conditions had improved further. Four regions
(Kanto-Koshinetsu, Kinki, Chugoku, and Kyushu-Okinawa) viewed their economies as
recovering at a moderate pace.

Many regions reported that, amid the continued increase in production, business
fixed investment had either stopped decreasing or had started picking up and the
degree of severity in the employment and income situation had eased. Most
regions reported that private consumption had either stopped decreasing or had
started picking up.

Meanwhile, many regions pointed either to the continued low level of economic
activity (Hokkaido, Hokuriku, Kinki, and Shikoku) or to differences in
developments among regions, industries, or firms (Kanto-Koshinetsu and
Kyushu-Okinawa).

Region

Assessment in April 2010

Difference

between

assessments1

Assessment in July 2010

Hokkaido The economy is increasingly showing signs of picking up, although it
remains stagnant.

The economy is picking up steadily, although economic conditions as a whole
remain severe.

Tohoku The economy is increasingly showing signs of picking up, although
economic conditions as a whole remain severe.

The economy is increasingly showing signs of picking up.

Hokuriku The economy is picking up moderately, although economic conditions as a
whole remain severe.

The economy is picking up steadily, although there remains some severity in
economic conditions.

Kanto-Koshinetsu The economy has continued picking up, although differences
among regions and industries remain.

The economy is recovering moderately, although differences among regions and
industries remain.

Tokai The economy has continued picking up, and differences among industries and
firms have been moderating gradually.

The economy has continued picking up as a whole, as the pace of increase in
production has started to accelerate again after slowing temporarily.

Kinki The economy, with some severity in employment, is picking up steadily.

The economy, with some severity in employment, is recovering moderately.

Chugoku The economy is picking up.

The economy is recovering moderately.

Shikoku Economic conditions have remained more or less unchanged as a whole,
although there are some signs of picking up.

The economy is picking up moderately, although economic conditions as a whole
remain severe.

Kyushu-Okinawa The economy has picked up moderately as a whole, although
differences among regions remain.

The economy is recovering moderately, although differences among regions remain.

1 With regard to the difference between assessments, arrows pointing to the
upper right and lower right indicate changes in the pace of improvement or
deterioration compared with the previous assessments, respectively. For example,
an acceleration in the pace of improvement or deceleration in the pace of
deterioration is indicated with an arrow pointing to the upper right. A
horizontal arrow pointing to the right indicates that the pace of improvement or
deterioration in economic conditions has remained unchanged compared with the
previous assessments.

Public investment either decreased or was on a declining trend in seven regions
(Hokkaido, Tohoku, Hokuriku, Kanto-Koshinetsu, Tokai, Chugoku, and
Kyushu-Okinawa). As for the other two regions, Shikoku reported that public
investment had leveled off, while Kinki reported that the pace of increase had
slowed.

As for business fixed investment, four regions (Hokkaido, Tokai, Kinki, and
Kyushu-Okinawa) noted that it was picking up, had begun to pick up, or that it
had increased although remaining at a low level. Four regions (Hokuriku,
Kanto-Koshinetsu, Chugoku, and Shikoku) reported that business fixed investment
had stopped declining. Meanwhile, Tohoku reported a decline, but indicated that
the pace of decline had moderated.

By industry, business fixed investment in manufacturing continued to be
concentrated in maintenance and replacement investments, and in investments to
expand production capacity. A further increase in investment plans for new
products and research and development was also reported. As for
nonmanufacturing, regions continued to report large-scale investments in
infrastructure-related sub-industries, and several regions reported opening of
new stores in retailing.

Five regions (Hokkaido, Hokuriku, Kanto-Koshinetsu, Tokai, and Chugoku) reported
that private consumption as a whole was picking up, showing signs of picking up
or the decline had been coming to a halt, because the degree of severity in the
employment and income situation had eased somewhat and because policy effects
had continued. Meanwhile, private consumption as a whole remained weak in four
regions (Tohoku, Kinki, Shikoku, and Kyushu-Okinawa).

By goods, all regions continued to report an increase in sales of household
electrical appliances and passenger cars due to policy effects. As for sales at
large retail stores such as department stores, six regions (Hokkaido, Tohoku,
Kanto-Koshinetsu, Tokai, Chugoku, and Kyushu-Okinawa) reported that the
year-on-year rate of decline had moderated, even though sales as a whole
remained subdued. Also, seven regions (Hokkaido, Tohoku, Hokuriku,
Kanto-Koshinetsu, Tokai, Shikoku, and Kyushu-Okinawa) noted that travel-related
demand had either increased or stopped decreasing.

As for housing investment, Hokkaido noted that it was picking up, while Tokai
noted that it had shown signs of picking up. In addition, five regions
(Hokuriku, Kanto-Koshinetsu, Kinki, Chugoku, and Kyushu-Okinawa) reported that
housing investment had either stopped declining or had been coming to a halt.
Many regions, however, pointed out that the level of housing investment remained
low.

By type of housing, several regions reported that construction of owned homes
was above the previous year's level, and some regions (Kanto-Koshinetsu and
Tokai) that include metropolitan areas reported that sales of homes, notably of
condominiums, had either picked up or had started to exceed the previous year's
level.

Production either increased or picked up in all regions. Meanwhile, four regions
(Tohoku, Hokuriku, Chugoku, and Shikoku) reported that the pace of increase in
production had accelerated mainly due to the improvement in overseas economic
conditions. On the other hand, Hokkaido and Tokai noted that the pace of
increase in production had slowed temporarily, mainly due to developments in
automobile-related industries.

By industry, some regions reported that the pace of increase in production had
slowed temporarily in motor vehicles and motor vehicle parts, while many regions
reported that production levels had either increased or had remained high in
general machinery as well as electronic parts and devices. As for industries
such as iron and steel, nonferrous metals, chemicals, and metal products, many
regions reported production increases, high production levels, or a pick-up in
production. Meanwhile, some regions reported that production cuts or low
production levels had continued in paper and pulp and in textiles.

The employment and income situation remained severe, but many regions reported
that the degree of severity had shown signs of easing.

As for the employment situation, three regions (Hokuriku, Kanto-Koshinetsu, and
Tokai) reported that labor market conditions had improved moderately, and
Chugoku reported an increase in new job offers to new applicants in some
industries. As for household income, three regions (Tohoku, Kanto-Koshinetsu,
and Shikoku) reported that it was reaching a bottom.

Region Public investment Business fixed

investment Private

consumption Housing

investment Production Employment and income

Hokkaido Declining. Increasing, although remaining at a low level. Continues to
show signs of picking up, mainly due to policy effects. Picking up. The pace of
pick-up is slowing. The employment situation is showing signs of improvement,
although it continues to be severe.

Household income is showing signs of improvement mainly due to the uptrend in
overtime hours worked, although it remains severe amid continued cutbacks in
personnel expenses among firms.

Tohoku Below the previous year's level. Declining. Continues to be weak as a
whole, although policy effects have been apparent and sales of some products and
services that appear reasonably priced have started to show signs of
improvement. Remains sluggish, although showing signs of bottoming out in some
types of housing. Recovering moderately. The employment situation is showing
signs of improvement.

Household income has exceeded the previous year's level for the first time in 23
months.

Hokuriku Declining as a whole, mainly because large-scale construction orders
related to the Hokuriku bullet train have come to a halt. Has stopped declining,
especially in manufacturing. Although at a weak level, the decrease in private
consumption has been coming to a halt due to policy effects. The decline,
especially in the construction of owned homes, has been coming to a halt.
Increasing across a wider range of industries, mainly due to the further rise in
exports, especially to Asian countries such as China. The employment situation
remains severe, but labor market conditions have continued to show signs of a
moderate improvement.

Household income continues to be severe as a whole since scheduled cash earnings
have remained below the previous year's level, despite the continued increase in
non-scheduled cash earnings, especially in manufacturing.

Kanto-Koshinetsu On a declining trend, although recently it has been more or
less unchanged due to large-scale construction orders, mainly by the central
government. Has stopped declining. With the slight easing in the degree of
severity in the employment and income situation, there have been increasing
signs of a pick-up such as (1) the continued improvement in sales of durable
goods due to policy measures; (2) the moderation in the decrease in sales at
large retail stores; and (3) the continued improvement in hotel occupancy rates.
Starting to show signs of picking up in some areas such as homes for sale in the
Tokyo metropolitan area, while the decline in construction of owned homes and
homes for rent has been coming to a halt. Continues to increase, mainly due to
the improvement in overseas economic conditions. The employment situation
continues to be severe, but labor market conditions have been on a moderate
improving trend.

Household income has continued to decline, although it is beginning to reach a
bottom.

Tokai On a declining trend, but recently at a high level reflecting an upsurge
in large-scale construction orders. Has begun to pick up, although remaining at
a low level. Picking up as a whole: while sales of durable goods such as
automobiles have remained at a high level, sales of non-durable goods and
services have begun to increase, although the level remains low. Showing signs
of picking up in some types of housing, although remaining at a low level. Has
recently been regaining momentum, following a temporary slowdown mainly due to
inventory adjustments in automobiles. Labor market conditions have improved,
although the employment and income situation as a whole remains severe.

Kinki The pace of increase is slowing. Has begun to pick up amid continued
improvement in corporate profits. Sales of durable goods have picked up due to
policy effects, while sales of other goods and services have remained weak amid
continued sluggishness in household income. The decline has been coming to a
halt, although housing investment remains at a low level. Increasing, reflecting
the rise in exports and policy measures to promote sales of energy-efficient
household electrical appliances. Meanwhile, inventories have continued to
decrease. As for the employment situation, the number of employees has continued
to be below the previous year's level and wages have continued to be weak, while
the ratio of job offers to applicants remains at a low level.

Household income has continued to be sluggish.

Chugoku Declining. Has stopped declining. Showing signs of picking up, mainly
with regard to sales of durable goods due to policy effects. The decline has
been coming to a halt. Increasing. The employment situation has remained severe,
but it has improved slightly as new jobs have been offered particularly in some
manufacturing industries.

Non-scheduled cash earnings have increased due to the pick-up in production,
although household income as a whole continues to be weak, mainly reflecting
firms' cutbacks in personnel expenses.

Shikoku Has peaked out. Has stopped declining. Continues to be relatively weak
as a whole amid the severe employment and income situation, although sales of
durable goods have remained at a high level due to policy effects. More or less
unchanged at a low level. Picking up moderately as a whole. The employment
situation remains severe, but the degree of severity has eased slightly.

Household income has more or less stopped declining.

Kyushu-Okinawa Declining. Picking up. Some areas have shown signs of picking up,
although it remains weak as a whole. Has stopped declining. Increasing steadily,
albeit moderately. The employment and household income situation has remained
severe as a whole, but signs of a slight improvement have been seen Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on
news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Global economy at sixes and sevens

LENGTH: 1398 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Oct. 5 -- Even at the present stage of globalization, the global
economy is not a monolithic entity. In spite of integration through trade and
capital flows (and to some extent movement of labour), it remains a
conglomeration of national economies. Starting from the early stage of economic
interaction the economies of different countries have moved closer to each other
within this globalised framework.

Countries with greater economic heft have wielded more sway over smaller and
even middling economies, impacting on their growth and development. But lesser
integration with bigger economies shielded them from repercussions of economic
turbulence in the former. The Great Depression of 1930s affected developed
capitalist countries more severely than it did the other economies.

When market mayhem followed the aftershocks of the financial crisis in 2008, the
American and European economies bore the burnt of the economic upheaval. The
financial crisis started in America with the sub-prime mortgage binge taking
Lehman Brothers as the first casualty. As it threatened to have a domino effect
on other financial institutions bringing down the financial system developed
economies plunged into a slump.

Caught unawares in an environment of complete de-regulation, the US
Administration was forced to take measures to bail out the vulnerable banks and
financial institutions. When this proved inadequate the Federal Reserve Bank
(Fed) was used to introduce Quantitative Easing (QE) which added liquidity to
cash strapped banks and financial institutions. The rate of interest was kept at
its near zero level to enable investors and consumers to have cheap money. The
pump priming operation succeeded and the American economy has now a growth rate
of above 2 per cent and an unemployment rate little over 5 per cent.

Across the Atlantic, the countries of the European Union (EU), particularly
Ireland, Italy, Spain and Greece, tried to weather the storm by borrowing from
more affluent member-countries and from the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Italy, Spain, Ireland and Portugal managed to bring financial stability using
borrowed money but Greece was caught in a quagmire. Even after two bailouts
extended by the IMF, the European Central Bank (ECB) and Germany it remained
mired in debt failing to repay. After much wrangling, a third bailout has been
given, almost as a last chance.

Cheap money for the struggling EU countries has also been delivered from the
Financial Stabilisation Fund set up to meet emergencies. Laterly, the ECB also
followed QE policy like the Fed in America. As a result, economic growth averted
a nose dive though the growth rate has been lower than in America.

The financial crisis of 2008 starting in America could bring about a worldwide
recession if China did not pursue a firm monetary policy. It was the great
saviour of the world economy in 2008. Alongside a stable monetary policy, China
launched an unprecedented stimulus package sparking an infrastructure boom. The
huge demand for commodities to fuel its construction boom boosted oil and
resource rich emerging economies.

The Chinese investment in Latin America, Asia and particularly in Africa propped
up otherwise anemic economies. The emerging markets also benefited from capital
flows from America because of the higher rate of return.

Developing countries like Bangladesh having fewer transactions with the
financial markets of the developed countries remained immune to any economic
upheaval. But a jitter went through the emerging countries as Fed announced
winding down of QE. An impending crisis was averted when Fed postponed the
decision. Later, as the deadline for withdrawal of QE and particularly raising
of interest rate by Fed approached in September 2015, economies, big and small,
held their breath. This was going to change the financial architecture that had
been in place for several years.

Uncertainty loomed over most economies that were already undergoing volatile
movement in the markets. The IMF lowered its global economic outlook to 3 per
cent, slashing half percentage points from its earlier forecast. The uncertainty
was not unexpected and the economies, developed and emerging, were making their
plans and retooling policies to adjust to the new situation.

Suddenly, a bomb shell burst over the world economy making markets topsy turvy.
China announced devaluation of its currency Renminbi by 3 per cent sending
shockwaves through the global economy. The Chinese stock market crashed
overnight. It had repercussions in other stock markets in the world. Stock
markets crashed from Shanghai to New York and $1 trillion was wiped off the
values of shares in one day.

The main reason for China's decision to devalue its currency was found to be the
slowing down of its economy as it shifted from investment to consumption-led
growth. This followed 3 decades when Chinese growth averaged 10 per cent a year,
delivering the fastest economic development in world history.

As already pointed out, China rode out the 2008 financial crash by pumping
public investment into the economy, delivering 78 per cent growth between 2008
and 2014 while the US managed only 8 per cent. That breakneck speed of growth
has left China with a huge debt pile, estimated at 280 per cent of national
income. With 80 per cent of the economy in the public sector China borrowed from
banks without hesitation. This is now threatening to bring her economy to a
grinding halt or at least lead to a hard landing with feeble growth. The debt
being owed mostly by state-owned institutions may allow its financial
institutions to escape a Lehman-type collapse, warranting a massive bailout.

The central bank, the People's Bank of China has pursued several measures to
boost the flagging economy. The rate of borrowing has been slashed from 6 per
cent to 4.8 per cent. Opting to devalue was the last resort. It signals that the
booming era of Chinese economic growth is rapidly approaching denouement. Its
economy will recover but it will be difficult to post a growth rate higher than
7 per cent. It will cease to be the economic powerhouse of the world for quite a
while.

Slowdown in the Chinese economy has triggered recession in Canada, Brazil,
Russia and many in African countries. Their exports of commodities to China have
nearly halted and Chinese investment overseas has reduced to a trickle. Even
America took serious note of the economic slowdown in China and postponed the
decision to raise the interest rate.

According to some analysts, the main reason for the weakness of the Chinese
economy is not the failure of its own economic model but stagnation in the rest
of the world. Global trade has suffered its largest contraction since 2008 in
the first 6 months of this year partly as a result of the ongoing crisis in the
Eurozone. Seven years after the financial crisis erupted in the US, its
aftershocks are still being felt across the world, it has been pointed out.
There may be some truth in this but it does not explain everything. It seems
more plausible that transitioning from one strategy of development (investment
and export-led growth) to another (consumption-led growth) has been behind this
economic upheaval.

State management of the economy and market forces that have been given some
space to play have been at loggerheads, weakening each other. The economic
slowdown along with stock market crash has been the outcome. Being the second
largest economy this has contributed to volatility world wide affecting
economies variously, depending on their size and integration into the world
economy.

The world economy now awaits two major developments. The first is the raising of
the interest rate by the Fed. The second is the resolution of the crisis in the
Chinese economy, either through a soft or a hard landing. The future course of
the economies of other countries depends on how these two giants of world
economy decide to cope with the emergent situation. In the absence of
appropriate policy changes, they can trigger a crisis engulfing all the
economies in the world. Globalisation of the world economy is now at a
cross-roads.

Hasnat Abdul Hye

Ataturk Pasha,

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                               December 12, 2004

Second economy remains out of government's reach

BYLINE: BRENDAN BOYLE

SECTION: Economy, Business & Finance; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 722 words



Second economy remains out of government's reach

By

SOUTH Africa's informal economy employs up to 1.8million people and generates a
turnover of at least R50-billion a year, but government knows very little about
what happens inside this world, which President Thabo Mbeki calls the "second
economy".

Statistician-General Pali Lehohla plans to start fixing that next year with the
first stage of a three-part national survey to establish the size and nature of
the informal economy.

"Our GDP data allows for the informal economy in expenditure terms, but not in
terms of production. It is not only the size of this sector that counts, but how
it moves in and out of the formal economy," he said in an interview.

Lehohla said a screening survey would begin next year to identify people engaged
in the informal economy. A second phase, probably in 2006, would explore the
production coming from the sector and the third phase would seek to identify
what they buy and to whom they sell.

No one has yet done research on how participants in the informal economy spend
their money or on its linkage to GDP growth in the formal economy, but the work
of the Cape Town-based non-profit agency, You and Your Money, provides some
clues.

Your Money representative Pheziwe Fongoya tells of a hawker who spends R750
every two weeks on watches and makeup, coining a profit of about R350 on each
round.

The spending priorities in these communities are groceries, electricity, debt
and school costs, she says.

Analysts and officials use a series of different definitions to describe the
informal sector, but the most common is: those who are not captured in any
formal database, including the companies, VAT and tax registers.

The government excludes subsistence farmers, but many academics include this
sector.

"All sectors are represented in the informal economy - finance, construction,
retail, services. It is not a sector, it is an economy and we have to analyse it
that way," says Wolfe Braude, a researcher with the Cosatu-aligned National
Labour and Economic Development Institute.

Lehohla says StatsSA estimates that the informal sector was responsible for
about 5% of GDP - about R66-billion this year - though his personal sense is
that it was much larger.

Braude says some international research indicates that up to 30% of real GDP
comes out of the informal economy.

"There is recent research that shows the informal sector absorbed 43% of the
potatoes traded in the fresh produce sector and 23% of all market produce in
South Africa.

"Though it is largely driven by necessity, this is a very vibrant part of our
economy," he says.

Lehohla wants eventually to have every informal operator captured somewhere in
the national system, even if they do not qualify to pay tax or VAT. But Braude
believes that an informal economy will always exist.

Every European Union country has an informal economy accounting for at least
7.5% of GDP and the norm is closer to 10%, he argues.

Mike Herrington, director of the Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at
Cape Town's Graduate School of Business, believes retail and services are the
dominant sectors in the informal economy.

He divides the participants into opportunity entrepreneurs who spot a gap and
exploit it, and necessity entrepreneurs who develop a micro-business or take
employment in the informal economy because it is the only way to stay alive.

Necessity entrepreneurs generally are less successful.

Haroon Bhorat, director of research at UCT's School of Development Policy, puts
the current employment level at 1.4million, excluding domestic workers and
subsistence farmers, but including individuals ranging from labourers waiting by
the roadside to micro-business owners with unregistered firms selling anything
from burglar bars to booze.

Many choose to stay in the informal economy. Bhorat sees the key obstacles to
their progression into the formal economy as a lack of affordable credit and the
bureaucratic nightmare facing any formal business.

"If we are thinking in terms of two economies, we should be thinking in terms of
two legislative regimes," he says.

Analysts and officials differ on whether the informal economy expands in direct
or inverse proportion to the formal economy.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2004 Times Media Limited


                              152 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                             July 31, 2001, Tuesday

Websites bloom for Aussie firms - B2B: A special advertising report

BYLINE: David Hellaby

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 855 words


Recent figures suggest Australian companies are enthusiastically taking to the
net, David Hellaby reports

THE internet economy is generating $28 billion a year in Australia and is
expected to increase to almost $50 billion within three years, according to a
study.

The study, based on an extensive survey of Australian business, was conducted by
The Allen Consulting Group for Cisco Systems.

It finds that most (55 per cent) Australian firms are already in the internet
economy.

Communications is a leader, with about 90 per cent of communications firms
identifying themselves as being in the internet economy.

But even agriculture and mining, at the other end of the scale, have a 40 per
cent participation level.

Revenue generated by the internet economy in Australia is currently estimated to
be $28 billion per annum.

This is equivalent to 4.3 per cent of GDP and is not far behind the global
internet economy leader, the US, where internet economy revenue equates to 5.6
per cent of GDP.

Estimated revenue generated by the internet economy in Australia is projected to
increase to $49 billion per annum by the year 2003-04, rising to about 6.7 per
cent of forecast GDP, the study says.

It finds that companies in the internet economy forecast much higher growth
rates than the economy at large and companies that are not in the internet
economy.

Further work, by the Centre of Policy Studies, is now underway to assess the
economy-wide implications, using the "MONASH" model of the Australian economy.

The internet economy is alive and well in Australia -- but the rise and fall of
dotcom companies and current difficulties in the IT sector have been a
distraction, the study finds.

It says many Australian businesses have adopted the internet as a tool in their
business -- a structural change making them and the economy at large more
productive, and raising the underlying capacity of the economy.

It finds there are four layers to the internet economy:

  * Internet infrastructure providers.

  * Internet applications infrastructure providers.

  * Internet facilitators and new market intermediaries.

  * Firms that undertake electronic commerce.

Australia is much less reliant on infrastructure providers than the US, and
internet commerce already makes up the largest internet economy layer -- whereas
data from the University of Texas suggests it is the second largest sector in
the US.

This confirms the general sense that Australia is more of a rapid adopter and
user of the internet than a producer of the underlying technologies, the study
says.

It says Australian businesses have already found many different uses for the
internet. Looking at revenue statistics alone is likely to understate the spread
and significance of the internet economy within companies and the economy at
large.

Survey findings indicate that 95 per cent of Australian businesses use the
internet for communications, two-thirds of surveyed businesses use it for
research and promotion, and about half use it for purchasing.

Size is an issue in relation to participation in the internet economy. While it
consists of large, medium and small businesses, a lower proportion of smaller
businesses (less than 100 employees) identify with the internet economy than the
others. The survey finds that 61 per cent of firms with 100 employees or more
participate in one or more layers of the internet economy, while only 46 per
cent of firms with less than 20 employees and 54 per cent of business with less
than 100 employees participate.

Very few of the companies are pure internet players, with only 1 per cent of all
businesses surveyed earning most or all of their revenues from the internet.

However, a further 45 per cent of businesses say they currently earn some of
their revenue online.

But the amount is generally small, with companies in the internet economy
earning an average of 6 per cent of their revenues online.

These statistics highlight a major characteristic of the change that is under
way: the internet is being used as a complement -- not a cannibal -- of
traditional ways of competing.

Business in Australia is taking a mixed approach -- clicks and mortar rather
than being restricted to just one model, the report says.

Despite the current commercial difficulties experienced by many internet economy
-related companies, they still see the internet as an increasingly important and
growing source of revenues.

The findings show communications will still be the largest earner of online
revenues after three years, with this sector expecting online revenues to be 33
per cent of their total revenues, which is the largest online revenue growth
forecast for any industry.

The utilities, and mining and agricultural sectors, indicate that while they
expect to increase their share of online revenues, they will continue to earn
the smallest percent of revenues via the internet.

Overall, the average proportion of online revenues is expected to grow
threefold, from 4.3 per cent to 12 per cent of total revenues over the next
three years.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              153 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Why we can be glad the East is catching up

BYLINE: Andrew Sentance

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 758 words


There are two national economies in the world which stand head and shoulders
above the rest: the United States and China. These two countries generate nearly
$30 trillion of GDP, about 40pc of the global total. The next largest national
economy, Japan, produces less than $5 trillion or about 6pc of the world's
annual economic output.

We have been accustomed to viewing the US as the world's leading economy. It
overtook the UK in the 19th century and has been the dominant economic force in
the world for more than 100 years.

China's arrival as a leading economic power has been much more recent. Just 12
years ago, in 2004, it was the sixth biggest world economy, behind Japan,
Germany, UK and France as well as the US. By 2009, in the space of just five
years, it had overtaken the leading European economies and Japan to become the
world's second largest economy.

At the start of this year, China was viewed as one of the problem areas for the
global economy. Economic growth to buy cheap goods' had slowed from a
double-digit rate to around 6pc a year. The big economic debate was about the
outlook for China: might its economy face an outright recession?

Over the course of 2016, these concerns have dropped off the radar. Brexit and
Donald Trump's US election victory have taken centre stage.Meanwhile, China has
quietly gone about its business. Economic growth this year is expected to be
around 6.5pc, the second highest among the major economies (behind India).
Inflation is just above 2pc and unemployment is officially 4pc

The Chinese yuan has fallen by around 6.5pc against the dollar and about 4pc
against the euro over the course of this year. But that is a very modest decline
compared with the pound, which has dropped around 17pc against the dollar this
year.

China has not achieved this success in isolation. A table of the
strongestgrowing major world economies this year would show India at the top,
China second and South Korea and Australia competing for third place. All are in
the Asia-Pacific region, the most dynamic part of the world economy for more
than 20 years.

A major study in the mid-1990s by the World Bank titled The East Asian Economic
Miracle, based on the experience of Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea and
Taiwan, explained why. They had opened up their market to world trade and
benefited from export-driven growth. They had high savings rates, which
supported strong investment. They had maintained stable, predictable economic
policies, focused on maintaining financial stability and low inflation. And they
had invested heavily in education, to boost the skills of their workforces.

The mandarins in Beijing applied very similar policies, and China grew from an
economy worth around $500bn in the early 1990s to the $11 trillion economy it is
today. Its economy multiplied in size by around a factor of 20 in 20 years.

Other economies in Asia are following a similar path, though few so
spectacularly. Asian economies are gradually catching up with the leading
economies in the West. China's living standards, measured by GDP per person, is
still just 20pc to 25pc that of the UK. India's is less than 5pc. But the
catch-up process is likely to continue.

What does this mean for us here in the UK? Concern about the forces of
globalisation has fuelled political developments on both sides of the Atlantic
this year. In many Western economies, worries are growing about immigration.
There is a perception that jobs are being sucked away from richer countries in
Europe and North America towards the emerging economies of Asia. There is also a
view that competition with low-wage workers in developing economies is
undermining our living standards.

That is a very one-sided view of the world. It fails to recognise that Western
consumers have benefited greatly from the ability to buy cheap electronic goods
and clothes made in China and elsewhere. Rather than stop globalisation, we need
to harness the gains more effectively and channel them into productive
investment in our economies.

That means a UK policy focused on investing in skills and education and making
our economy more innovative and productive in sectors where we already have a
strong competitive position. It also means ensuring we are part of a world
economy which is open to world trade and investment. These should be the pillars
of our economic policy in a post-Brexit world.

Andrew Sentance is a senior economic adviser at PwC and a former Monetary Policy
Committee member

'Western consumers benefit greatly from the ability to buy cheap goods'

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

When Elections Aren't About the Economy

BYLINE: By PETER EAVIS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE 2016 RACE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1047 words


The boring economy seems to be making this presidential race even more exciting.
And uncertain.

The economy has reliably been one of the most important factors influencing a
presidential election. A strong economy helps to keep the party in power in
power. A weak economy tends to cause voters to want to change the residents of
the White House.

But right now, the economy could be best described as moderately, perhaps
deceptively, successful.

Growth is lukewarm, but it has been consistent enough to create hundreds of
thousands of new jobs. Wages have not risen by much, and the uneven recovery has
left segments of the population behind. But the overall unemployment rate is
down to 5 percent. That's unusual for a presidential election season -- it has
been at 5 percent or lower in only three of the 14 contests that have taken
place since 1960.

The quiet strength of the economy appears to be affecting the campaign. It's far
easier for candidates to make economic policy messages resonate when the economy
is roaring: the elections of 1996 (Dole vs. Clinton) and 2004 (Bush vs. Kerry).
Or when the economy is in the doldrums: 1992 (Bush vs. Clinton). Or when it's
facing threats: (high inflation for Reagan vs. Carter in 1980 and a global
financial meltdown for McCain vs. Obama in 2008). But when it's middling?

As the political scientist Lynn Vavreck, an Upshot contributor, has pointed out,
people are generally not angry about the economy, at least by historical
standards. Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders will certainly keep highlighting what
they see as big weaknesses in the economy, and Hillary Clinton will keep talking
about how she would improve it. But if most voters are doing sort of O.K., this
approach may have a limited impact.

Indeed, the lack of stark economic problems may have allowed Mr. Trump to push
unconventional policies. If the economy were repeating the plunge of 2008, fewer
voters might be prepared to support a candidate whose policies would disrupt
world trade and whose tax cuts would almost certainly lead to a far bigger
budget deficit. And the advances in the economy make it harder for Mr. Sanders
to further tap discontent over issues like income inequality.

The B-minus economy will also pose a challenge to whoever wins the White House
in November.

A new president might be tempted to try bold, new policies to obtain an extra
point of economic growth and spread wealth more evenly. But if there is a chance
the economy is going to gradually pick up pace on its own, why risk big
disruptive initiatives or squander political capital getting expensive campaign
promises through Congress? Why unsettle a stock market that is in its
second-longest bull run since the 1930s? (The longest was the 113-month bull
market from 1990 to 2000.)

A heavy caveat is necessary: The economy may weaken -- and the stock market may
drop -- by the time of the election. Problems in large economies around the
world could weigh on the United States. And confidence here and abroad could
plummet if Mr. Trump appears to have a good chance of winning and he is still
pushing policies that could set off a trade war with China or cost taxpayers
huge sums, like mass deportations and construction of a border wall.

Still, if the economy holds, campaign analysts will be scraping around for
precedents.

George H.W. Bush won in 1988 against Michael Dukakis by promising to take the
country on much the same course as President Reagan did. But while the economy
has achieved steady gains under President Obama, Mrs. Clinton might not gain a
big advantage by portraying herself as his economic standard-bearer. The economy
just hasn't been growing fast enough. Economists expect the economy to grow at
around 2 percent this year. In the second half of 1988, it grew at nearly double
that rate.

The only years since 1960 when the economy was growing at more than 2 percent
and unemployment was at 5 percent or lower at the time of the election are 1964
(Goldwater vs. Johnson), 1968 (Nixon vs. Humphrey) and 2000 (Bush vs. Gore). But
the contests of 1964 (the perception that Barry Goldwater was extreme) and 1968
(Vietnam and social disruption) were heavily influenced by noneconomic factors.
The 2000 election, which occurred as a big speculative bubble in the stock
market and the technology sector was deflating, also lacks strong parallels to
today.

The strongest comparison might be the 2012 election. While unemployment was
nearly 8 percent at the time, and economic growth was anemic, jobs growth had
picked up. But in that election year, the Federal Reserve kept its foot firmly
on the monetary policy pedal. This helped ensure momentum in the economy
continued through the presidential contest and after. The Fed isn't slamming on
the brakes right now, but it is expected to raise interest rates this year,
perhaps even before the election.

The Fed's hope is that the economy will keep growing steadily without a big
helping hand. And it may. ''I think it's a myth that expansions die of old
age,'' Janet Yellen, the chairwoman of the Fed, said late last year. The economy
has grown in each of the previous six years.

Jobs and economic growth will always matter to voters. Whipsaw boom-bust
economic cycles of the postwar years played a part in deciding who was
president, and the American business cycle hasn't suddenly gone away. But
nowadays there are no big wars to finance, just a few long, grinding
commitments; inflation is under control; and the recent overhaul of the
financial sector appears to have promoted steady credit growth without creating
widespread losses. We may be in an era when politicians cannot make much hay out
of the economy.

If Mrs. Clinton becomes the Democratic nominee and wins in November, it could
show that a cautious candidate can do well in a composed economy. True, the lack
of drama in the economy may also be helping Mr. Trump run a wrecking-ball
campaign by stirring up other issues. But think about it: If there is one force
that can derail him, or restrain him, it's the threat that the economy won't
tolerate his more unconventional policies.

The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and
everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/25/upshot/when-elections-arent-about-the-
economy.html

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Voters' satisfaction with the economy helped George H.W. Bush
win in 1988. A sleepy economy may be making this year's race more exciting.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY J. SCOTT APPLEWHITE/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              155 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                   Al-Shorfa

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Attracting expatriate investment to Lebanon

LENGTH: 667  words


Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

Maronite League executive council member and economic committee chairman Laurent
Aoun plans to connect expatriates with the Lebanese economy. [Photo courtesy of
Laurent Aoun]

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 851


                            Copyright 2014 Al-Shorfa
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                  May 04, 2014

Nigeria, S-Africa, Egypt Account for Half of Africa's Economy - - World Bank

BYLINE: Omoh Gabriel

LENGTH: 1054 words


Nigeria, South Africa and Egypt account for about half of the African economy
says new data released by the World Bank Group last week.

The report which ranked global economies on the basis of the strength of their
currency said that China will overtake the United States of America by the end
of 2014 as the largest economy in the world.

The report said that low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more
than two times larger based on Purchasing Power Parity, PPP, than respective
exchange rate shares in 2011.

Yet, these economies accounted for only 1.5 per cent of the global economy, but
nearly 11 per cent of the world population. Roughly 28 per cent of the world's
population lives in economies with GDP per capita expenditures above the $13,460
world average and 72 per cent are below that average.

The International Comparison Program (ICP) which released the new data said that
the world economy produced goods and services worth over $90 trillion in 2011,
and that almost half of the world's total output came from low and middle income
countries.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies were in the middle income category
(based on the World Bank's definition). When combined, the 12 largest economies
account for two-thirds of the world economy, and 59 per cent of the world
population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounted to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294 billion
measured by exchange rates. Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48
per cent when using PPPs and 32 per cent when using exchange rates.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world - at $10,057
- means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above
that amount and half below.

According to the report, the six largest middle income economies are China,
India, Russia, Brazil, Indonesia and Mexico which account for 32.3 per cent of
world GDP, whereas the six largest high income economies are United States,
Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Italy which account for 32.9 per
cent.

Asia and the Pacific, including China and India, account for 30 per cent of
world GDP, Statistical Office of the European Communities (Eurostat) - and the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) - 54 per cent,
Latin America - 5.5 per cent (excluding Mexico, which participates in the OECD
and Argentina, which did not participate in the ICP 2011), Africa and Western
Asia about 4.5 per cent each.

China and India make up two-thirds of the Asia and the Pacific economy,
excluding Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia
accounts for more than 70 per cent of the CIS, and Brazil for 56 per cent of
Latin America.

South Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

The report stated that going by the Price Level Index (PLI) which is the ratio
of a PPP to a corresponding exchange rate, the most expensive economies in GDP
terms are Switzerland, Norway, Bermuda, Australia and Denmark, with indices
ranging from 210 to 185.

The United States ranked 25th in the world, lower than most other high-income
economies, including France, Germany, Japan, and the United Kingdom.

Twenty-three economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. The cheapest economies
according to the report, are Egypt, Pakistan, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Lao People's
Democratic Republic, with indices ranging from 35 to 40.

According to the World Bank, the five economies with the highest GDP per capita
are Qatar, Macao SAR, China, Luxembourg, Kuwait, and Brunei.

The first two economies have more than $100,000 per capita. Eleven economies
have more than $50,000 per capita, while they collectively account for less than
0.6 per cent of the world's population. The United States has the 12th highest
GDP per capita.

Eight economies - Malawi, Mozambique, Central African Republic, Niger, Burundi,
Congo, Dem. Rep., Comoros and Liberia - have a GDP per capita of less than
$1,000.

The World Bank report disclosed that "a general measure of material well-being
of each economy's population is measured better by actual individual consumption
per capita. It said that a measure of all expenditures in the economy that
directly benefit individuals rather than by GDP per capita is more revealing of
the impact of government policy on individuals.

By this measure, the five economies with highest actual individual consumption
per capita are Bermuda, United States, Cayman Islands, Hong Kong SAR, China, and
Luxembourg, respectively. The world average actual individual consumption per
capita is approximately $8,647.

The report further stated that "at 27 per cent, China now has the largest share
of the world's expenditure for investment (gross fixed capital formation);
followed by the United States at 13 per cent. India, Japan and Indonesia follow
with 7 per cent, 4 per cent, and 3 per cent, respectively.

China and India account for about 80 per cent of investment expenditures in the
Asia and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77 per cent of CIS, Brazil for
61 per cent of Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40 per cent of Western Asia.

According to the report: "Under the authority of the United Nations Statistical
Commission, the 2011 round of ICP covered 199 economies which is the most
extensive effort to measure Purchasing Power Parities (PPPs) across countries
ever."

ICP 2011 estimates benefitted from a number of methodological improvements over
past efforts to calculate PPPs.

The ICP's principal outputs are PPPs for 2011 and estimates of PPP-based gross
domestic product (GDP) and its major components in aggregate and per capita
terms. When converting national economic measures (e.g. GDP), into a common
currency, PPPs are a more direct measure of what money can buy than exchange
rates.

ICP implementation was led and coordinated by the ICP Global Office, hosted by
the World Bank, in partnership with regional agencies overseeing activities in
eight geographic regions: Africa, Asia and the Pacific, Commonwealth of
Independent States (CIS), Latin America, the Caribbean, Western Asia, Pacific
Islands, and the countries of the regular PPP program managed by the Eurostat
and OECD).

In addition, two "singleton" economies, Georgia and Iran, participated in
bilateral exercises with partner economies, without being part of any regional
comparisons.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday

GCC to lead world's green economy

LENGTH: 856  words


The green economy is defined as the portion of existing economy focusing on
sustainable economy with zero carbon emissions where all consumed energy is
derived from renewable resources, which are naturally replaced. This detention
is in contrast to the traditional black economy which is based on
carbon-intensive fossil fuels (petroleum/coal) or yellow economy which supports
the economy that generates low carbon emissions in very efficient way. I believe
that zero carbon emission is impractical regardless of the source of the energy;
hence, I prefer referring to the green economy as per my definition of the
yellow-economy especially in hydrocarbon based economies such as OPEC and GCC
countries. It should be defined as the portion of the economy focusing on
sustainable environmental-friendly energy sources with minimum and efficient
carbon emission weather from renewable or conventional energy sources.

Such economy includes any investment in sectors supporting this definition such
as renewable energy generation, energy efficient transport, energy conservation,
energy efficiency improvement, Carbon capture/storage with the objective of
preserving the global ecosystems supported by the creation of sustainable
governance models, profitable business models for developing, delivering,
maintaining and supporting green economy services and products. When you take a
quick glance at the global green economy map, we find huge investments (billions
of dollars) spent annually in the United States, Western Europe and more
recently in China, used to fund several projects to generate clean energy,
create service sector, generate laws and regulations, encourage the private
sector to invest, and more importantly, establish associated research centers.
Comparing these huge investments, to the limited investments by the Third World
countries indicates the small size of this economy in the Third World countries,
with the exception of limited investments by the United Arab Emirates, Saudi
Arabia and Qatar through the establishment of few renewable energy projects. The
weak ecosystem and green culture that exist in the Third World countries is the
main reason for this low green economy. I believe that it is GCC and OPEC
countries' strategic interest to play a major role in the world's green economy
map. This strategy should consist of three parallel tracks. The first is to
protect their Oil market's share, which is a pivot to their current economy and
income. This can be done by improving the current public black image of
hydrocarbon as the main source for the global warming and carbon emission. This
strategy can be achieved through investing into Research & Development to
improve the hydrocarbon-based energy sources burning efficiency and developing
mobile and stationary carbon capture and carbon sequestration
technologies/projects. The second track is to reduce their daily carbon emission
through arresting the current local energy consumption and avoiding unnecessary
overproduction. This strategy will also elongate the depletion date of their
current hydrocarbon reserves. The third track is to develop long term renewable
energy technologies generation and supporting industries. The objective of this
strategy is not only to arrest their current unprecedented exponential energy
consumption, but also to maintain their current major role as energy exporters
and avoid becoming energy importers after the depletion of their conventional
hydrocarbon resources. These three tracks will significantly reduce the carbon
emersion and support the green economy in these countries. Hence, I believe that
major OPEC and GCC countries are still at the beginning of a very long journey.
The current few appreciated efforts undertaking by major GCC countries are
progressing slowly with very limited green economy governance, services, and
infrastructure. GCC countries lack the presence of independent research
organizations that can develop new green technologies and generate independent
environmental studies supporting the green economy. They also lack the existence
of public green economy databases and studies that can be easily referred to for
any future studies/projects. There is clear evidence that there is no GCC
integrated strategy, no collaborative efforts including unified standards and
governance by-laws, research & development, unified prices, accountability
process and most importantly market incentives that would promote the private
sectors involvement and commitment. Furthermore, the current green economy
strategies' impact on GCC country's economy is neither felt nor seen in any
previous and current economic studies. Unfortunately, till today, all GCC energy
demand is almost 100% met by oil and gas. I admit that there are plans to
improve this in UAE, KSA and Qatar; however GCC countries must triple the
current green-economy efforts to position themselves in the near future as major
players in the global green economy rather than their current role.- Dr. Sami
Al-Nuaim is a Saudi writer and can be reached on Twitter: @neaimsa. His articles
can be read at www.saudienergy.net

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2013 The Saudi Gazette.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       March 27, 2000, Monday, Edition 1

HIGH-TECH MONEY FLOWS CREATE MARKET ANOMALIES

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1045 words



Investors caught in 'feeding frenzy' as new economy battles the old

Old economy, new economy; old market, new market; old reality, new reality. It's
enough to give you a conniption, especially if you didn't have too firm a grasp
on the way things were, much less on how they're changing.

Is it all a mirage, we've been asking our Choice Portfolio experts, and if it's
not, how can we best cope with it?

Shauna Sexsmith, vice-president of Altamira Management Ltd. and the manager of
our Sea to Sea portfolio of Canadian stocks, believes firmly that there is a new
economy. In fact, she goes one step further.

'The old economy

still exists alongside the new, but to survive it has to do things differently'

''There's always a new economy. Telephones, cars and railroads all created new
economies. When railroads were introduced, what do think happened to the people
who owned firms that shipped by horse and wagon? They were old economy.  The old
economy still exists alongside the new, but to survive it has to do things
differently," she says.

''The new economy is a global phenomenon referring to new technology that gives
business and consumers the ability to do things in ways they could never do
before. It's a global phenomenon that increases trade and increases prosperity."

The Internet is the new economy's infrastructure, but in and of itself it does
nothing. It's the same with railways. The track is nothing more than iron rails
and spikes sitting on wood ties. The train running on the track, and the
capabilities of the two together, made the railway the impetus behind that new
economy.

Sexsmith sees the new economy as a boon to both business and the consumer.
Business is able to produce more widgets at a lower cost while opening up
greater markets. Obviously, this will lead to increased corporate profits.

An example of that would be the secure private Internets within the Internet
that a number of companies have set up. Car manufacturers and auto part
suppliers have created AutoExchange, which allows instantaneous transmission of
inventory information, production-line data and sales, allowing companies to
produce, store and ship precisely the right amount of equipment without
incurring the tremendous costs of storage.

''As well," Sexsmith points out, ''theoretically, it will allow business to have
a better relationship with customers."

At the moment this is pretty theoretical, as those of us who've bought things
via the Internet can attest. Sometimes the experiences are heavenly, with prompt
service and rapid delivery. Others mirror the absolute worst in retailing. But
the potential is certainly there.

For the consumer, the new economy will mean lower prices, better information and
lots of choice thanks to the Internet's ability to allow shopping around.
Downloading online music, book or movie libraries is a perfect example of what
can be easily accomplished.

''It will allow me to see an obscure movie I saw when I was 12," Sexsmith notes.

''The production costs of making the movie were all spent long ago. The cost of
taking that obscure movie and downloading it into the Net is minimal. As a
result, I'll be able to see a movie that I would have never been able to see
again because of the costs of the old economy."

And just what is the old economy? Pretty well everything that's not new economy:
the bricks and mortar, the smokestacks and the mines that make up our current
industrial and consumer society.

''The old economy will not disappear," Sexsmith emphasizes.

''We still need energy to move from A to B. We still need to get on an airplane.
Bombardier will still make regional jets, which will still need aluminum, so
Alcan will still be in business. High-tech still needs start-up money, so the
banks aren't going to disappear."

The old economy grew like Wal-Mart, one store at a time

One of the phenomena of the new economy is that companies seem to grow overnight
from conception to stock-market behemoth. The old economy grew like Wal-Mart,
one store at a time.

JDS Uniphase Corp., a world leader in fibre optics, is a perfect example of the
explosive growth possible in the new economy.

  The company's net profit per share has been increasing 60 per cent annually.
For the year ending in June, the median estimate for profit per share is 54
cents.

Powered by this growth, the JDS share price has jumped from the equivalent of
$9.34 at the end of December, 1998, (taking into account stock splits and a
merger) to almost $200 today.

As a result, JDS has a market capitalization in the vicinity of $145 billion. In
comparison, the Toronto Dominion Bank, with projected profit per share of $2.70
for the year ending in October, has a market capitalization of less than $25
billion.

And herein lies the market conundrum. Seeing this incredible growth, investors
have naturally wanted to share in it.

''A lot of money is moving into new tech," Sexsmith agrees. ''It's created a
feeding frenzy, which is becoming self-perpetuating."

The money that has been moving into the new economy has come out of the old
economy, deflating stock prices in that area.

This has created such anomalies as the resources sector being flaccid despite
worldwide economic growth, and the banks' share prices until recently flat-
lining in spite of record profits.

But Sexsmith thinks the new economy's ''elastic band has stretched a bit too
far. The flow of money out of the old economy into the new has been too extreme.

The new economy still offers superior growth; that won't change. It's just gone
too far. But it's not going to go all the way back. The predictions are that
technology will grow 11 per cent annually over the next five years while
resources will only grow 1 per cent."

Next week Sexsmith will continue her discussion of the new and old economy while
providing her insight into how investors achieve a balance between both.

Choice Portfolios appears every Monday, with full portfolio updates the first
Monday of each month. Send comments or questions to Choice Portfolios, Your
Business, The Toronto Star, 1 Yonge St., Toronto M5E 1E6, e-mail cruise @
ionsys.com or fax to (905) 878-9226.


LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              159 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Washington: New Report on Sharing Economy Finds City Leaders Support
Ridesharing, Are Concerned about Safety

LENGTH: 639  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

The growing sharing economy is impacting cities as innovative companies are
providing improvements to service efficiency and on-demand information. The
National League of Cities today released the first national quantitative survey
of local elected officials' views on the sharing economy. The report, City
Survey on the Sharing Economy: Shifting Perceptions of Collaborative
Consumption, found that 71 percent of cities surveyed are supportive of growth
in the sharing economy - particularly with ridesharing services such as Uber and
Lyft - but many are concerned about the sharing economy's impact on public
safety. On the whole, cities want to encourage economic development and
accommodate the services their constituents want. The report was released in
conjunction with an animated video: "Cities, The Sharing Economy, and What's
Next."

"Cities make the sharing economy work," said National League of Cities President
Ralph Becker, mayor, Salt Lake City. "It's clear that city leaders understand
that their communities demand the innovative services provided by the sharing
economy."

The survey found that city leaders are open to integrating sharing economy
services more fully within their communities - and they want to capitalize on
this opportunity. When asked to identify the greatest benefit of the sharing
economy, 22 percent of city leaders identified improved services, 20 percent
identified increased economic activity, and 16 percent identified increased
entrepreneurial activity.

At the same time, the survey found that cities do have concerns with the sharing
economy. By a large margin, 61 percent of city leaders were most concerned with
public safety, specifically identifying the lack of comparable insurance coupled
with general safety concerns. Other areas of concern included the protection of
traditional service providers and industry participants (10 percent) and
non-compliance with current standards (9 percent).

Many cities are working through these challenges because they want to reflect
resident demands and benefit from the sharing economy's economic impact.
However, there's a high degree of variation in city policies that regulate the
sharing economy, and nearly 60 percent of cities don't regulate ridesharing or
homesharing at all. The majority of respondents acknowledged the importance of
developing new policies on the sharing economy, and placed ridesharing front and
center as the top priority in the policy arena.

"The sharing economy offers great promise for America's cities," commented
Brooks Rainwater, director of City Solutions and Applied Research at the
National League of Cities. "Our survey shows that city leaders are becoming
better prepared to successfully navigate the ever-changing developments that
continue to change the course of our shared urban environments."

City Survey on the Sharing Economy: Shifting Perceptions of Collaborative
Consumption builds on NLC's work to help city leaders understand and benefit
from the sharing economy.

Cities, the Sharing Economy, and What's Next features interviews with city
officials on the impact of the sharing economy and related topics centered
around five key themes: innovation, economic development, equity, safety and
implementation.
 The Sharing Economy: An Analysis of Current Sentiment Surrounding Homesharing
and Ridesharing presents a typology for measuring the sentiment of cities toward
homesharing and ridesharing services.

The National League of Cities (NLC) is dedicated to helping city leaders build
better communities. NLC is a resource and advocate for 19,000 cities, towns and
villages, representing more than 218 million Americans.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Washington: New Report on Sharing Economy Finds City Leaders Support
Ridesharing, Are Concerned about Safety

LENGTH: 639  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

The growing sharing economy is impacting cities as innovative companies are
providing improvements to service efficiency and on-demand information. The
National League of Cities today released the first national quantitative survey
of local elected officials' views on the sharing economy. The report, City
Survey on the Sharing Economy: Shifting Perceptions of Collaborative
Consumption, found that 71 percent of cities surveyed are supportive of growth
in the sharing economy - particularly with ridesharing services such as Uber and
Lyft - but many are concerned about the sharing economy's impact on public
safety. On the whole, cities want to encourage economic development and
accommodate the services their constituents want. The report was released in
conjunction with an animated video: "Cities, The Sharing Economy, and What's
Next."

"Cities make the sharing economy work," said National League of Cities President
Ralph Becker, mayor, Salt Lake City. "It's clear that city leaders understand
that their communities demand the innovative services provided by the sharing
economy."

The survey found that city leaders are open to integrating sharing economy
services more fully within their communities - and they want to capitalize on
this opportunity. When asked to identify the greatest benefit of the sharing
economy, 22 percent of city leaders identified improved services, 20 percent
identified increased economic activity, and 16 percent identified increased
entrepreneurial activity.

At the same time, the survey found that cities do have concerns with the sharing
economy. By a large margin, 61 percent of city leaders were most concerned with
public safety, specifically identifying the lack of comparable insurance coupled
with general safety concerns. Other areas of concern included the protection of
traditional service providers and industry participants (10 percent) and
non-compliance with current standards (9 percent).

Many cities are working through these challenges because they want to reflect
resident demands and benefit from the sharing economy's economic impact.
However, there's a high degree of variation in city policies that regulate the
sharing economy, and nearly 60 percent of cities don't regulate ridesharing or
homesharing at all. The majority of respondents acknowledged the importance of
developing new policies on the sharing economy, and placed ridesharing front and
center as the top priority in the policy arena.

"The sharing economy offers great promise for America's cities," commented
Brooks Rainwater, director of City Solutions and Applied Research at the
National League of Cities. "Our survey shows that city leaders are becoming
better prepared to successfully navigate the ever-changing developments that
continue to change the course of our shared urban environments."

City Survey on the Sharing Economy: Shifting Perceptions of Collaborative
Consumption builds on NLC's work to help city leaders understand and benefit
from the sharing economy.

Cities, the Sharing Economy, and What's Next features interviews with city
officials on the impact of the sharing economy and related topics centered
around five key themes: innovation, economic development, equity, safety and
implementation.
 The Sharing Economy: An Analysis of Current Sentiment Surrounding Homesharing
and Ridesharing presents a typology for measuring the sentiment of cities toward
homesharing and ridesharing services.

The National League of Cities (NLC) is dedicated to helping city leaders build
better communities. NLC is a resource and advocate for 19,000 cities, towns and
villages, representing more than 218 million Americans.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               November 30, 2014

'The Structure of the Economy Must Change' [interview]

BYLINE: Udeme Clement

LENGTH: 1495 words


Being the concluding part of the interview on austerity measures with

, a professor of economics and Director General, West African Institute for
Financial and Economic Management (WAIFEM).

The CBN is using monetary policy to address the seeming economic crisis in the
country as a result of dwindling oil prices. The problem is that the measures
appear too many and are to be implemented at the same time. The fiscal side of
the story though not under the purview of the CBN is not clear. However, the
Ministry of Finance is a member of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC), hence
the fiscal variable should be in the CBN's reaction function. In this scenario,
we need proper co-ordination of both monetary and fiscal policy. The measures
portray a panic situation in an environment of increased risks and
uncertainties. In an economy that relies heavily on neo-liberal economic policy,
the CBN cannot do otherwise.

The measures are not only short-term but would bring untold hardship to almost
all sectors of the economy. We are told that there are long-term gains. How long
is the long-run! In the long-run, we are all dead though not all at the same
time. Reserves are dwindling due to declining oil revenues, elections are around
the corner and the economy is heavily import-dependent. Hence, the CBN increases
the Marginal Policy Rate (MPR) in anticipation of inflationary pressures. The
Excess Crude Account (ECA) is no longer there because if it was available, the
economy would rely on it in the short-term. These measures to bail a dependent
primitive capitalist economy may have short-term positive effects but would not
change the structure of the economy.

Increase in lending rates would further kill the real sector. You cannot stop
speculation in a market economy. It is a casino economy with the major
stakeholders as gamblers. Yes, the Foreign Direct Investment (DFI), whose major
component is portfolio investment would decline because the investors speculate,
watch the market and as soon as things are bearish, they pick-up their portfolio
and move on. How many of the foreign investors have physically built new
factories in the country to employ a sizeable work-force? Consequently, the CBN
with all its competent experts cannot go beyond the economic framework
implemented by the State. It may shape the framework but it cannot go outside
it.

The local currency has been devalued in an attempt to manage the exchange rate.
The official rate is now N168 to the Dollar from N155, with a band of +/- 5 per
cent. The black market rate would increase if oil revenues continue to decline
because there would not be enough Dollars to back the Naira, prices would
increase, which may worsen the inflationary situation if it persists. Normally,
you devalue to earn more revenue for government because your goods would be
cheaper. But in this case, our major export is crude oil, we have no control of
both the price and output. Oil is an exogenous source of revenue.

The structure of our economy must change in favour of production, manufacturing
must contribute about 25 per cent to Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and the
economy must be industrialised. We must produce and export finished or
semi-finished goods in sphere of production. The devaluation would favour
foreign investors who would bring in foreign currency and change to millions of
Naira and invest in the service sectors of the economy.

The lending rates would increase above the current 25 per cent, hence
small-scale investors would find it extremely difficult to borrow and invest.
The unemployment situation may worsen. Banks would struggle for funds to shore
up their balance sheets. There is no doubt that declining oil revenue would have
adverse effect on the economy. For the government to contemplate austerity
measures signifies the seriousness of the matter.

The government can no longer rely on ECA because the account itself needs to be
replenished with revenue from oil. It may become difficult to back the Naira. If
greater weight is placed on the market to determine the exchange rate, that is,
floating the currencies then prices would rise. Imports would be affected,
foreign exchange is needed to pay for imports of goods and services and the
Nigeria's economy is heavily import depended.

This is the time to think outside the box. It calls for economic self-reliance
but the process must start now. The neo-liberal economic framework must be
abandoned in favour of economic nationalism. The liberal framework deepens
dependency. History is repeating itself, from austerity measures to
stabilisation, to structural adjustment. This negative shock is another warning
signal on how not to rely on exogenous source of revenue to finance development
and drive the economy.

The economy is not in recession for now. Government data show that the economy
is growing at about 6 per cent and inflation is single-digit. The relevant
macroeconomic fundamentals are moving in the right direction for now. For how
long remains a challenge. The unemployment rate of almost 30 per cent makes
mockery of macro-economic stability. Though the economy is not in a recession,
the "misery index" has been rising. General economic performance is poor.

Yes of course. Every market economy goes through the business cycle. A dependent
capitalist economy like Nigeria cannot escape recession or depression. It is a
recurring decimal in such economies. If nothing else, Nigeria's economy would
experience recession as a client based on the dependent and periphery nature of
its system. A depression is a pro-longed recession. No two of them are alike.
The economy experienced recession in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. The global
economic crisis of 2007/2008 also affected Nigeria. If any known market economy
would have escaped from recession, it would be the USA economy. Despite the
better management of the economy, it experiences periodic recessions and the
last global economic recession was triggered by the collapse of the sub-mortgage
sector in the USA.

Within the context of the neo-liberal economic framework, the government would
remove subsidy. However, subsidy is not bad. It depends whether you are
subsidising consumption or production. In addition, can you properly target the
population you want to subsidise? There is nothing wrong in assisting investors
who wish to build refineries in the country because the advantages are too
numerous to mention.

The ministry of finance is responsible for fiscal matters, but because fiscal
and monetary policies need to be coordinated, the CBN has a role to play. When
there is excessive spending in the economy the CBN can use monetary policy to
ensure that inflation is checked. So, the monetary authority can use monetary
policy to reduce money supply in the economy in order to curtail inflation. We
need the inter-play of fiscal and monetary policies to ensure that the economy
does not deviate so much from its potential like relative full employment
output, if that exists in an economy like Nigeria. We hope that the minister of
finance would be able to handle the fiscal side to ensure stability now and even
after election year.

At present, inflation rate in Nigeria's economy is single digit, which is about
8.7 percent. But it is not a big deal in the sense that an economy can have 12
per cent inflation rate and still be doing well, once it is not run-away
inflation. For example, there are countries with high inflation rate that are
doing well. What is more important is to know your threshold, which is at what
rate inflation becomes a problem in the economy. For Nigeria, if there is
employment and we go up to 14 per cent there is nothing wrong. The rich can
always draw from their savings to deal with high prices but the poor would be
the most affected. So, maintaining price stability is very important in an
economy. The single digit inflation shows that the variable is moving in the
right direction, because it is one of the major maco-economic fundamentals.

Aside from inflation, what is giving serious problems to our economy is high
rate of unemployment, which is almost 30 per cent now and still rising,
especially among the youths. Every year, thousands are thrown into the labour
market. The rising unemployment is worrisome due to output loss and social
problems it creates in the society. That is why one wonders why the economy is
growing but not creating jobs.

It means the real sector has not been revamped. The real sector that is very
crucial to development is still very weak. The questions here are, what are the
real problems? Why are the entrepreneurs not accessing various intervention
funds from government? In reality, the small entrepreneurs are not benefiting
from intervention funds approved by government to resuscitate the real sector,
and we are being told that billions are there for them to access. Many of them
lament of unnecessary bureaucracy and stringent conditions of collateral that
they cannot meet.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               May 5, 2014 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

China looms over economic data

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 673  words


China looms over economic data

Middle-income countries closing inequality gap

NEW comparative figures on the world's economies have opened up a fresh debate
about the power of China, whose economy turns out to be poised to overtake that
of the US as the world's largest.

But the figures, from the International Comparison Programme hosted by the World
Bank, also offer intriguing insights into the shape of the world economy and the
place of middle-income economies, including SA's.

The World Bank figures attempt to compare living standards across countries in
terms of a common currency. The study measures economies against each other
using purchasing power parity (PPP), rather than in terms of volatile exchange
rates, which tend to give a misleading picture.

So the latest figures show the size of the world economy was $90-trillion
measured by PPP, compared with $70-trillion measured by exchange rates. Notably,
the increase came from the world's middle-income economies, whose share of world
gross domestic product went from 32% using exchange rates to 48% using PPP.

The picture that emerges, then, is that middle-income economies have become much
more important than we thought they were - and that the inequality gap between
richer and more middling countries is narrower.

High-income countries account for 50% of the world economy but only 17% of the
world's population. However, middle-income economies now make up as much of 48%
of the world economy, the study shows, up from 32% in 2005. Relative to their
72% share of the world's population, that still lags significantly, so in
per-capita terms, they are not the richest. But the largest of them - China,
India, Russia, Brazil, Indonesia and Mexico - have made huge strides and rank in
the top 12 economies globally.

The rankings make SA's inclusion in the Brics grouping look as marginal as ever,
although SA does manage to crack the top-30 global table, with an economy that
is ranked the world's 26th-largest. We are well into middle-income territory,
with a per-capita income higher than China's.

The ascendance of middle-income economies generally, as demonstrated in the new
figures, has important implications in terms of the global power balance. SA is
one of those that has long been pushing for emerging market economies to have a
much greater say in international economic institutions. The case for this is
now more solid than ever, with the dominance of rich countries in these
institutions more and more out of line with the relative shares of global
economic activity.

But it is the China story that looms largest. The last time the World Bank study
was done, in 2005, China's economy was less than half the size of the US's. By
2011, it had leapt to 87%. And where most economists had previously expected
China to overtake the US by about 2019, now it looks like this will happen very
soon, with the US losing the title it has held since the early 1870s of the
world's largest economy. China's economy makes up nearly 15% of the global total
to the US's 17%. Not that China wants the top spot. Its rulers have been
remarkably shy about their economy's elevation, essentially repudiating the
World Bank figures in an effort to avoid the political pressure and tension that
might come with being number one.

The numbers have prompted much commentary on what makes an economy powerful -
and China's size doesn't compensate for the relative poverty of its 1.36-billion
citizens or its relative technological and financial backwardness. It is still
far from being the global economic powerhouse that the US is, size
notwithstanding. It is, as the Financial Times put it, & big but not strong&
Nonetheless, China's rise in recent decades has already changed the dynamics of
the world economy and of world markets profoundly.

All of which must put the concern about China's slowing growth and the fragility
of its financial system top of mind for economic policy makers everywhere.

High-income countries account for 50% of the world economy but only 17% of the
world's population

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                  May 05, 2014

Nigeria, South Africa and Egypt Account for About Half of African Economy -
World Bank

LENGTH: 1059 words


Nigeria, South Africa and Egypt account for about half of the African economy
says new data released by the World Bank Group last week.

The report which ranked global economies on the basis of the strength of their
currency said that China will overtake the United States of America by the end
of 2014 as the largest economy in the world.

The report said that low income economies, as a share of world GDP, were more
than two times larger based on Purchasing Power Parity, PPP, than respective
exchange rate shares in 2011. Yet, these economies accounted for only 1.5 per
cent of the global economy, but nearly 11 per cent of the world population.
Roughly 28 per cent of the world's population lives in economies with GDP per
capita expenditures above the $13,460 world average and 72 per cent are below
that average.

The International Comparison Program (ICP) which released the new data said that
the world economy produced goods and services worth over $90 trillion in 2011,
and that almost half of the world's total output came from low and middle income
countries.

Six of the world's 12 largest economies were in the middle income category
(based on the World Bank's definition). When combined, the 12 largest economies
account for two-thirds of the world economy, and 59 per cent of the world
population.

The PPP-based world GDP amounted to $90,647 billion, compared to $70,294 billion
measured by exchange rates. Middle income economies' share of global GDP is 48
per cent when using PPPs and 32 per cent when using exchange rates.

The approximate median yearly per capita expenditures for the world - at $10,057
- means that half of the global population has per capita expenditures above
that amount and half below.

According to the report, the six largest middle income economies are China,
India, Russia, Brazil, Indonesia and Mexico which account for 32.3 per cent of
world GDP, whereas the six largest high income economies are United States,
Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom, and Italy which account for 32.9 per
cent.

Asia and the Pacific, including China and India, account for 30 per cent of
world GDP, Statistical Office of the European Communities (Eurostat) - and the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) - 54 per cent,
Latin America - 5.5 per cent (excluding Mexico, which participates in the OECD
and Argentina, which did not participate in the ICP 2011), Africa and Western
Asia about 4.5 per cent each.

China and India make up two-thirds of the Asia and the Pacific economy,
excluding Japan and South Korea, which are part of the OECD comparison. Russia
accounts for more than 70 per cent of the CIS, and Brazil for 56 per cent of
Latin America.

South Africa, Egypt, and Nigeria account for about half of the African economy.

The report stated that going by the Price Level Index (PLI) which is the ratio
of a PPP to a corresponding exchange rate, the most expensive economies in GDP
terms are Switzerland, Norway, Bermuda, Australia and Denmark, with indices
ranging from 210 to 185. The United States ranked 25th in the world, lower than
most other high-income economies, including France, Germany, Japan, and the
United Kingdom.

Twenty-three economies are showing a PLI of 50 or below. The cheapest economies
according to the report, are Egypt, Pakistan, Myanmar, Ethiopia and Lao People's
Democratic Republic, with indices ranging from 35 to 40.

According to the World Bank, the five economies with the highest GDP per capita
are Qatar, Macao SAR, China, Luxembourg, Kuwait, and Brunei. The first two
economies have more than $100,000 per capita. Eleven economies have more than
$50,000 per capita, while they collectively account for less than 0.6 per cent
of the world's population.

The United States has the 12th highest GDP per capita. Eight economies - Malawi,
Mozambique, Central African Republic, Niger, Burundi, Congo, Dem. Rep., Comoros
and Liberia - have a GDP per capita of less than $1,000.

The World Bank report disclosed that "a general measure of material well-being
of each economy's population is measured better by actual individual consumption
per capita.

It said that a measure of all expenditures in the economy that directly benefit
individuals rather than by GDP per capita is more revealing of the impact of
government policy on individuals.

By this measure, the five economies with highest actual individual consumption
per capita are Bermuda, United States, Cayman Islands, Hong Kong SAR, China, and
Luxembourg, respectively. The world average actual individual consumption per
capita is approximately $8,647.

Investment expenditures

The report further stated that "at 27 per cent, China now has the largest share
of the world's expenditure for investment (gross fixed capital formation);
followed by the United States at 13 per cent. India, Japan and Indonesia follow
with 7 per cent, 4 per cent, and 3 per cent, respectively.

China and India account for about 80 per cent of investment expenditures in the
Asia and the Pacific region. Russia accounts for 77 per cent of CIS, Brazil for
61 per cent of Latin America and Saudi Arabia for 40 per cent of Western Asia.

According to the report: "Under the authority of the United Nations Statistical
Commission, the 2011 round of ICP covered 199 economies which is the most
extensive effort to measure Purchasing Power Parities (PPPs) across countries
ever."

ICP 2011 estimates benefitted from a number of methodological improvements over
past efforts to calculate PPPs.

The ICP's principal outputs are PPPs for 2011 and estimates of PPP-based gross
domestic product (GDP) and its major components in aggregate and per capita
terms. When converting national economic measures (e.g. GDP), into a common
currency, PPPs are a more direct measure of what money can buy than exchange
rates.

ICP implementation was led and coordinated by the ICP Global Office, hosted by
the World Bank, in partnership with regional agencies overseeing activities in
eight geographic regions: Africa, Asia and the Pacific, Commonwealth of
Independent States (CIS), Latin America, the Caribbean, Western Asia, Pacific
Islands, and the countries of the regular PPP program managed by the Eurostat
and OECD). In addition, two "singleton" economies, Georgia and Iran,
participated in bilateral exercises with partner economies, without being part
of any regional comparisons.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                              May 16, 2011 Monday

Knowledge-based economy is UAE's strategic objective

BYLINE: Himendra Mohan KumarâEUR¨Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 404 words


Abu Dhabi Driving the evolution of a knowledge-led economy is the strategic
objective of the government, Sultan Bin Saeed Al Mansouri, the Minister of
Economy, said yesterday.

Commenting on the Knowledge Economy Forum which was held in the nation's
capital, Mansouri underscored the commitment of the Ministry of Economy to raise
awareness about the fundamental concepts of a knowledge-based economy across the
private and public sectors in line with UAE Vision 2021 and the federal strategy
2011-2013.

Main objectives

Strengthening the pillars of a knowledge-based economy is a key priority for the
UAE, he added.

Mohammad Ahmad Bin Abdul Aziz Al Shehi, Undersecretary of the Ministry of
Economy, who inaugurated the forum, said the Ministry of Economy organised the
conference to achieve three main objectives: to shed light on the concept and
the prospects of the knowledge economy; to reaffirm the ministry's commitment to
raising awareness about this concept, which would contribute to achieving UAE
Vision 2021 and the ministry's strategy in building a competitive,
knowledge-based economy led by qualified UAE nationals who are supported by
creativity and knowledge and to promote dialogue and interaction with the
ministry's partners based on the strategy assigned to them.

Al Shehi said the Ministry of Economy is working to further strengthen small and
medium enterprises (SMEs) as one of the most prominent contributors to the
transition to knowledge-based economy.

This will be led by best global practices and benefiting from the experiences of
countries that succeeded in the development of SME models based on innovation
and creativity, such as Singapore, Sweden, Denmark and South Korea.

Al Shehi said the knowledge economy is a new concept that calls for innovation
across key economic sectors including oil and gas, construction, healthcare and
hospitality.

The idea behind this is to promote initiatives than can "bring wealth to the
economy," he added.

"The Ministry of Economy is committed to attract international expertise to
support economic development by focusing on the introduction of advanced
technologies. These are aimed at boosting the efficiencies of various industrial
and economic sectors. We are also focused on promoting a culture of innovation
and research and development," said Al Mansouri.

The Ministry of Economy is committed to attract international expertise to
support economic development."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2011 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 27, 2008 Wednesday

FOUR QUESTIONS ACROSS THE NATION

BYLINE: Katherine O'Neill, Bertrand Marotte, Ian Bailey, Unnati Gandhi, Jill
Mahoney

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Federal Budget 2008: SURVEY; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1386 words


NEIL PEACOCK, 47, TEEPEE CREEK, ALTA.

CATTLE FARMER

How has the economy affected you in the past two years?

"Business-wise, it's been steady. Ranching-wise, it's been financial genocide."

When did you change your mind about how the economy was affecting things?

"Since Stephen Harper was elected, things have been going down."

Do you think the economy is going to get better or worse and why?

"It will get worse, and things will happen fairly rapidly. Canada could begin
feeling the effects by fall. Our economy is focused on a single export market:
the United States. The U.S. is a dying empire. They are so far in debt they are
going to go into a massive recession, and it's going to pull us right into the
toilet. None of our leadership can actually see it coming. Mr. Harper doesn't
have the interest of Canadians at heart. He puts the interests of corporations
first. He's going to be the worst prime minister in Canadian history. He's going
to make Brian Mulroney look like a saint."

What should Ottawa do

about the economy?

"Ottawa should start changing our single-market focus. We have to be
diversifying our markets to overseas markets, such as China and India."

Katherine O'Neill

MERLE ADDISON, 54, VANCOUVER

ARTIST

How has the economy affected you in the past two years?

"It really hasn't drastically affected me in one way or another. I don't drive.
So there's things like that I don't spend money on. I am a bit of a recluse.
There has been no dramatic change except I notice prices are going up [for]
basic foodstuffs like flour and bread."When did you change your mind about how
the economy was affecting things?

"Probably starting last August with housing and subprime loans in the United
States, when that started to fall apart. It became apparent that Canada sells a
lot of materials to the United States and is very dependent on the economy, and
especially forest products. That would affect the economy. Also the rise in the
Canadian dollar over the past six months ... things become more expensive for us
to sell. It's good for the resources, but it's not good for manufacturing."

Do you think the economy is going to get better or worse and why?

"I think it's probably going to get worse because of the imminent collapse of
the U.S. economy. I can see that happening. So it's like the old saying: 'When
the elephant rolls over, the mouse gets crushed.' "

What should Ottawa do about the economy?

"Ottawa should work on infrastructure. That needs to be done. [It's] something
we need to do within our country by ourselves. And also work on improving social
programs because if the economy downturns then a lot of people fall through the
net."

Ian Bailey

MARCELLO PASQUA, 34, VAUGHAN, ONT.

SCHOOL CUSTODIAN

How has the economy affected you in the past two years?

Mr. Pasqua had to close his 17-year-old family upholstery shop last year because
business wasn't what it used to be. He now works as a janitor at a school. "At
least now, I'm guaranteed my paycheque every week. ... I would've liked to keep
my own business, but I have a family with two kids to support."

When did you change your mind about how the economy was affecting things?

He voted NDP in the past election, but he has since realized "it doesn't matter
who you vote for; nowadays everybody worries about themselves."

Do you think the economy is going to get better or worse, and why?

"The economy is getting worse. Small businesses cannot compete with the cased
goods from China. You can get a chair, ready and stained, for $60. It cost me
$200 just to buy the frame. ... Back in Europe, if you were the person that
makes tables for a living, that's all you did. You don't start worrying about
selling carpet. Here, you have Wal-Marts everywhere. I think eventually
everyone's going to be working for a Wal-Mart or a superstore. People aren't
being given a chance to start their own business."

What should Ottawa do about the

economy?

"Instead of helping the economy here, the government is helping [other
countries]. Nothing's being made here any more. How can small businesses
survive? I think Ottawa should help as much as they can; help your country first
before you start helping everyone else out. Stimulate our own economy."

Unnati Gandhi

BRIAN CAHILL, 55, ST. JOHN'S

RETIRED TV PRODUCER

How has the economy affected you in the past two years?

"I think inflation's running a lot higher than government statistics are
reflecting. I think things we have to pay for - gasoline, home heating oil and,
lately, food - are out of stick with the wages. ... I'm definitely paying more.
I think that's true of the entire middle class."

When did you change your mind about how the economy was affecting things?

"I think this has been an ongoing thing. In Newfoundland, certainly the
government's seeing a lot more oil money. But at this point in time, the whole
business of taking 1 per cent off the GST - what a waste of effort that is.
Here, if we could get things like HST (harmonized sales tax) taken off car
insurance, it is an issue now. And I don't think anywhere in the country there
should be a tax on heating oil."

Do you think the economy is going to get better or worse and why?

"The economy will get worse. I think the U.S. is headed for a recession. And I
think it's very unlikely we won't be pulled somewhat along with them."

What should Ottawa do about the

economy?

"Ottawa should be making big business pay a lot more than they're paying. ...
the Conservative government is completely out of step with the middle class for
my money. I think health care needs significant money, but what do you do about
that? It has always needed significant money. ... I think the federal government
needs to be a lot less kind to big business and to support middle income
[families].

Jill Mahoney

JON SO, 25, GUELPH, ONT.

GRADUATE STUDENT

How has the economy affected you in the past two years?

"I think the economy has been good. Job opportunities have been good. I find my
mood has been better, I feel optimistic. ... Confidence in society is very
important."

When did you change your mind about how the economy was affecting things?

Although he voted Liberal in the past federal election, Mr. So has switched
allegiances because of what he says has been a strong economy under the
Conservatives. "I've had a stable job for the last couple years and I've been
doing grad school."

He also finds himself agreeing with many of the Tories' policies, especially on
Afghanistan and climate change. "I was quite impressed. The cuts on certain
environmental programs, I thought, were quite reasonable, especially to the
dormant environmental programs that didn't serve much of a purpose."

Do you think the economy is going to get better or worse and why?

"This year, it's definitely going to get worse, given Canada and our proximity
to the United States. They're headed toward a recession, so naturally, we are,
too. But in the long term, the economy is always going to get better, but it
will be at least a few years."

What should Ottawa do about the

economy?

"There needs to be a greater co-operation between Ottawa and Ontario. We always
get the short end of the stick, so there should be some sort of provisions or
packages with Ontario's manufacturing sector."

Unnati Gandhi

ANDRé PLOUFFE, 55, LAVAL, QUE.

WAREHOUSE CLERK

How has the economy affected you in the past two years?

"I haven't felt any direct impact."

When did you change your mind about how the economy was affecting things?

"For me, the realization that things were not going to get any better any time
soon was when the mortgage crisis hit in the U.S."

Do you think the economy is going to get better or worse and why?

"I think we're going to see a slowdown, a deterioration."

He's confident there won't be a recession, but added he is worried about the
average Canadian's and Quebecker's personal debt situation. "I see some of the
young people at work and there seems to be no limits to their use of credit
cards."

What should Ottawa do about the

economy?

"I don't think Ottawa should make any major changes. The priority should be
reducing the debt. I'm not in favour of special government measures to help the
regions, such as the forestry sector in Quebec. There is too much whining going
on and demands for help from Ottawa."

Bertrand Marotte

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            February 5, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Emerging from America's shadow

BYLINE: Mark Crosby Mark Crosby is an associate professor at Melbourne Business
School

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 748 words


Australia has hitched its wagon to the Asian tigers, writes Mark Crosby.

With the United States seemingly heading into (if not already in) recession this
year, one of the hot debates in financial markets is whether emerging markets
and OECD economies are "decoupled" from the US economy.

A common view in Australia is that when the US economy sneezes the Australian
economy catches a cold. However, a careful examination of the data shows this to
be far from the case.

Historically the US economy has been much more prone to recessions than the
Australian, or most other Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
economies. The National Bureau of Economic Research, a US economic think tank,
provides "official" dates for US recessions, and they place that economy in
recession on 10 occasions since 1948. Using similar methods, the Economic Cycle
Research Institute puts the Australian economy in recession on only six
occasions over the same period. The Australian economy has been in recession for
less than 10 per cent of months since 1948, while the US economy has been in
recession for almost 15 per cent of all months since 1948.

The G7 economies are similar to Australia in having fewer recessions than the
US, though the long recessions since 1990 in Germany, Japan and Italy mean that
they have spent about the same fraction of time in recession as the US.

But what about the timing of recessions? Does Australia follow the US into
recession? The perception that Australia catches cold after the US sneezes seems
to be due to the similarity in timing and duration of the recessions in the
mid-1970s, the early 1980s and the early 1990s. The first recession came shortly
after the first oil price shock, and was felt in almost all OECD economies.

The latter two recessions were very similar in timing and in magnitude in
Australia and in the US as both countries tried to reduce inflation at around
the same time. On these two occasions the US recession was not global. Countries
such as Germany that did not have a large increase in inflation in the 1970s did
not need to reduce inflation in the early 1980s, and did not go into recession
at that time.

The US recession in 2001, following the collapse of US equity markets, did not
lead to recession in Australia. In calendar 2001 US gross domestic product
growth was 0.3 per cent, while GDP growth in Australia was 4.1 per cent. The
Australian economy slowed in mid-2001, before picking up strongly in the second
half of the year. Global growth in GDP slowed from 4.8 per cent in 2000 to 2.5
per cent in 2001. In 2002 GDP growth was also a below-average year in the US and
in the global economy, but in Australia GDP growth was an acceptable 3.3 per
cent.

Looking ahead the question of whether a recession in the US economy will send
the rest of the global economy into recession hinges on whether the factors that
cause the US recession are global (such as the oil price shock in the 1970s) or
local. If the US does go into recession this year it is likely to be local
factors that are the cause.

The sub-prime crisis in the US, and the related declines in housing prices and
thereby aggregate demand, are unlikely to be enough to send the global economy,
or Australia's economy, into recession. There is no doubt that some companies in
Australia and elsewhere will be caught up in the sub-prime web, but it seems
unlikely that there are systemic problems in the financial sector or elsewhere,
outside the US.

Despite the prospects being good that Australia isn't heading for recession, it
does seem a slight slowing of global and Australian economic growth is on the
cards for 2008. The International Monetary Fund recently published its outlook
for global and regional growth for this year, and has revised down its growth
estimate to 4.1 per cent for the global economy for this year. In our region
China's growth is predicted to decline from 11.4 per cent to 10.0 per cent, with
developing Asia as a whole growing by 8.6 per cent. Earlier forecasts from the
IMF predicted Australia's GDP growth would slow from 4.4 per cent in 2007 to a
still quite acceptable 3.8 per cent this year.

As in most of the past decade, the emerging economies are the strongest drivers
of global economic growth and this will increasingly be the case in future.
Fortunately Australia's economy has hitched a ride on these emerging markets and
is far less dependent on the insipid economies of western Europe and the US to
support our economy.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Any more for iron ore? The emerging economies are the strongest
drivers of global economic growth. Photo: REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                             June 16, 2001 Saturday

Govt cranking up sense of crisis

BYLINE: Tetsuro Yamada Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writer

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 556 words


The government's monthly assessment of the economy released Thursday reported
for the first time that the economy is showing signs of "deteriorating,"
indicating that the government believes the economy will not recover soon.

This means the government will have to give up its plan to steer the economy
toward a self-sustained recovery led by private consumption.

As a result, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi will have to implement structural
reforms amid a decelerating economy.

A high-ranking Cabinet Office official said that while using the term "further
weakening" to describe the economy in the April and May monthly reports did not
mean that the entire economy was weak--only that parts of it were--the June
report clearly stated that the economy is moving in a downward direction.

Whether the economy is in a recession will be officially determined after
autumn, since the diffusion index, an assortment of economic indicators
including production, consumption and employment, must be monitored for more
than a year before a decision is made.

However, the government apparently was compelled to admit the economy's
deterioration to map out appropriate measures for stimulating it.

A post-New Year slowdown in the U.S. economy, an external factor that reduced
exports and production, lay behind the downward revision of the economy in April
and May.

In June, however, capital investment and personal consumption, the two
locomotives for demand in the private sector, were revised downward, adding an
internal problem to the economy's woes.

Many companies posted an increase in revenues for the business year that ended
in March 2001, and sales of new vehicles and domestic travel have showed signs
of improvement.

However, because a recovery in the U.S. economy, which would give the Japanese
economy a boost, is said to be possible only after the October-December quarter,
it is difficult to predict a revival in Japan's economy within the year.

In particular, uncertainties are hanging over personal consumption, which is
considered the key to stimulating the economy.

Since demand will continue to plunge in the wake of consumers replacing their
electrical household appliances before the Law for Recycling of Specified Kinds
of Home Appliances went into effect on April 1, low production and sales will
certainly deal a blow to employment and income.

Because the downward trend has not been brought to a halt, a deflationary
spiral, in which a falling economy and falling prices influence one another, has
reared its ugly head.

The Council on Economic and Fiscal Policy will come up with basic policies for
dealing with economic and fiscal affairs at the end of this month, but during
the process of implementing structural reforms, bankruptcies and unemployment
will increase, bringing the economy under stronger deflationary pressure for a
certain period.

At a press conference Thursday, Heizo Takenaka, state minister in charge of
economic and fiscal policy, reiterated the government's oft-repeated mantra that
there will be no economic recovery without structural reform.

However, if the economy shows more signs of deteriorating, structural reform,
which aims for mid- and long-term economic growth at the cost of short-term
hardship, will become even more difficult to implement.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              168 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            March 14, 2012 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Informal sector vital

BYLINE: KONOPA KANA

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 346 words


DEVELOPMENT of Informal Economy is important as about 80 per cent of the PNG
population depend on it to earn a living.

This was revealed in a media workshop that conducted by the Consultative
Implementation and Monitoring council (CIMC) yesterday.

CIMC project officer (Economics) Busa Jeremiah Wenogo said that informal economy
was established to encourage the development of informal economy to create
employment, earn an income, eradicate poverty and improve the living standards
of ordinary Papua New Guineans.

Mr Wenogo said that CIMC recognizes the important role informal economy is
playing and therefore is engaging the Informal economy sectoral committee (IEC)
to advocate for relevant policies to enhance and improve the growth of the
informal economy.

He said that the committee comprises of relevant government authorities,
business houses, NGOs and civil society organization.

"The IEC has two important areas that informal economy that needs to be
regulated and the first one is the public goods and services arm which will
create a conducive environment to do business in the Informal Economy," he said.

Mr Wenogo said the second part is the financial arm where the service is
provided and monitored by the urban authorities like National Capital District
Commission in the case of Port Moresby.

According to a national informal economy policy report, the informal economy is
often misunderstood because it is very different from the formal economy where
you have tax payers whereas in the informal economy the workers do not pay tax.

Mr Wenogo said that this does not mean that the people in the informal economy
are entirely out of the economy they go to purchase goods at the super markets
where tax of goods and services is added.

Informal economy or informal markets includes the secondhand clothing markets,
vegetable fish markets, betel nut and cigarette markets at roadsides and
informant of residents where it's not being taxed.

The recent law passing on the informal sector market bills has been a greater
advantage for ordinary Papua New Guineans to earn a living.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 16, 2008 Wednesday

Study: Creative economy plays key role on North Shore

BYLINE: Ethan Forman, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1044 words


Apr. 16--BEVERLY -- From Cape Ann artists to Peabody advertisers, large
newspaper publishers to one-man Web page design firms, the creative economy on
the North Shore represents 10 percent to 12 percent of the region's private
sector employment, a study released yesterday finds.

Creative economy companies focus on industries that are tied to innovation and
individual creativity, skill and talent, where ideas, products and services can
lead to wealth and job creation.

This economy employs a larger percentage of workers than biotech (2 percent) and
manufacturing (7 percent) in the metropolitan Boston economy, the study says.

While economic development officials have been touting the creative economy as a
driver of job growth for years, this study represents the first time the size
and scope of the creative economy on the North Shore has been fully measured.

"I'm really pleased with the results," said Patricia Zaido, executive director
of the Salem Partnership, a group that focuses on economic development and one
of the study's sponsors.

"It validates what Christine (Sullivan) and I have believed for the last five
years and which all of our work has indicated," Zaido said of the work that she
and Sullivan, the executive director of the Enterprise Center at Salem State
College, have done touting the creative economy on the North Shore.

"We saw there were a lot of people working on the creative economy on the North
Shore," Sullivan said.

The North Shore no longer has shoe making and Parker Brothers, the game maker,
to rely on for jobs, Sullivan said, but it does have its history, culture,
museums, performing arts, schools, colleges and nonprofit organizations to draw
on, things that can help foster creative economy companies and organizations.

Sullivan said the question has been how the creative economy could be fostered,
but first economic development leaders needed hard numbers.

That's where the "North Shore Creative Economy Market Analysis and Action Plan"
comes in. It was released yesterday morning at the Cummings Center in Beverly.
The full report can be found at www.enterprisectr.org.

In the report, researchers found the creative economy:

r Involves 2,233 businesses and organizations in the region.

r Employs 17,000 to 20,000 people.

r Represents 10 percent to 12 percent of all private sector jobs.

r Contributes more than $3 billion in annual sales from involved enterprises.

The region includes 28 cities and towns, including Amesbury, Salisbury and
Newburyport to the north, Boxford and Middleton to the west, Rockport and
Gloucester to the east, and Lynn, Swampscott and Nahant to the south.

The report found creative economy companies and organizations clustered among 10
cities and towns that represent 73 percent of all enterprises. Beverly has the
most with 268 -- more than 12 percent of them -- followed by Newburyport, Salem,
Gloucester, Peabody, Marblehead, Danvers, Lynn, Rockport and Amesbury.

The report identifies five "creative clusters" representing more than half of
all creative economy enterprises:

r Design, including computer systems and software.

r Business and management consulting.

r Engineering/research and development.

r Artists.

r Advertising.

The Enterprise Center at Salem State College, The Salem Partnership and the
Creative Economy Association of the North Shore sponsored the study, funded
through a $45,000 state grant that was awarded last summer, said Sullivan, who
runs the small business incubator at Salem State. ConsultEcon Inc., in
association with Karl F. Seidman Consulting Services, prepared it.

The 87-page report follows on the heels of a study commissioned by North of
Boston Media Group, the parent company of Gloucester Daily Times, to define the
creative economy North of Boston with a task force, an effort that led to the
formation of the Creative Economy Association, Sullivan said.

The report also surveyed 200 creative economy enterprises and found half their
customers are from outside the North Shore, and a quarter of their customers are
outside the Bay State.

"Every dollar they earn is a new dollar to the North Shore," Sullivan said of a
creative company's exports. "It can be someone in their home designing Web sites
for someone in China."

Creative economy business do not typically grow their work force like other
businesses and tend to be flexible with their staffing, with about 65 percent of
them using contract or consultant resources, the study says.

There is no one size of a typical creative economy business, and they can be
single-owner establishments, large companies and nonprofits, with activities
that range from computer programming to performing arts, the study says.

The report suggests the region needs to brand and promote its creative economy
initiatives with an action plan that suggests local governments, those
interested in economic development and others work together and take a regional
approach.

The report also suggests finding ways to bring creative economy companies
together and to help foster collaboration by creating a new center with
incubator space to foster companies working together.

Part of the recommendations include working with the North Shore Workforce
Investment Board and area colleges to help with the training needs of the
creative economy worker.

Ethan Forman may be contacted at eforman@gloucestertimes.com

Creative companies

A study released yesterday finds the creative economy alive and well on the
North Shore. The report finds 2,233 creative economy establishments on the North
Shore, Here is where some are:

Town Number of establishments Percent of total

Beverly 268 12

Newburyport 219 9.8

Gloucester 195 8.7

Salem 192 8.6

Marblehead 172 7.7

Peabody 159 7.1

Danvers 144 6.4

Rockport 94 4.2

Ipswich 74 3.3

Topsfield 59 2.6

Manchester 57 2.6

Swampscott 45 2

Essex 25 1.1

Source: Karl F. Seidman Consulting Services and ConsultEcon Inc.

To see more of the Gloucester Daily Times or to subscribe, go to
http://www.gloucestertimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Gloucester Daily Times,
Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080416-GS-Study-Creative-economy-plays-key-role-on-North-Shore-0416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                                 Copyright 2008


                              170 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

How a sleepy economy makes for a more exciting election;
The Upshot

BYLINE: PETER EAVIS

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 979 words

ABSTRACT

In some ways, a sleepy economy is making this presidential race more exciting.

FULL TEXT

The boring economy seems to be making this presidential race even more exciting.
And uncertain.

The economy has reliably been one of the most important factors influencing a
presidential election. A strong economy helps to keep the party in power in
power. A weak economy tends to cause voters to want to change the residents of
the White House. But right now, the economy could be best described as
moderately, perhaps deceptively, successful.

Growth is lukewarm, but it has been consistent enough to create hundreds of
thousands of new jobs. Wages have not risen by much, and the uneven recovery has
left some people behind. But the overall unemployment rate is down to 5 percent.
That's unusual for a presidential election season - it has been at 5 percent or
lower in only three of the 14 contests that have taken place since 1960.

The quiet strength of the economy appears to be affecting the campaign. It's far
easier for candidates to make economic policy messages resonate when the economy
is roaring: the elections of 1996 (Dole vs. Clinton) and 2004 (Bush vs. Kerry).
Or when the economy is in the doldrums: 1992 (Bush vs. Clinton). Or when it's
facing threats: high inflation for Reagan vs. Carter in 1980, and a global
financial collapse for McCain vs. Obama in 2008. But when it's middling?

As the political scientist Lynn Vavreck has pointed out, people are generally
not angry about the economy, at least by historical standards. Donald Trump and
Bernie Sanders will certainly keep highlighting what they see as big weaknesses
in the economy, and Hillary Clinton will keep talking about how she would
improve it. But if most voters are doing sort of O.K., this approach may have a
limited impact.

If the economy were repeating the plunge of 2008, fewer voters might be prepared
to support a candidate whose policies would disrupt world trade and whose tax
cuts would almost certainly lead to a bigger budget deficit. And advances in the
economy make it harder for Mr. Sanders to further tap into discontent over
issues like income inequality.

The B-minus economy will also pose a challenge to whoever wins the White House
in November. A new president might be tempted to try bold new policies to obtain
an extra point of economic growth and spread wealth more evenly. But if there is
a chance the economy is going to gradually pick up on its own, why risk
disruptive initiatives or squander political capital getting expensive campaign
promises through Congress? Why unsettle a stock market that is in its
second-longest bull run since the 1930s?

A major caveat: The economy may weaken - and the stock market may drop - by the
time of the election. Problems in large economies around the world could weigh
on the United States. And confidence here and abroad could plummet if Mr. Trump
appears to have a good chance of winning and he is still pushing policies that
could set off a trade war with China or cost taxpayers huge sums, like mass
deportations and construction of a border wall.

Still, if the economy holds, campaign analysts will be scraping around for
precedents. George H.W. Bush won in 1988 by promising to take the United States
on much the same course as President Ronald Reagan did. But while the economy
has achieved steady gains under President Obama, Mrs. Clinton might not gain a
big advantage by portraying herself as his economic standard-bearer. The economy
just hasn't been growing fast enough. Economists expect the economy to grow at
around 2 percent this year. In the second half of 1988, it grew at nearly double
that rate.

The only years since 1960 when the economy was growing at more than 2 percent
and unemployment was at 5 percent or lower at the time of the election were 1964
(Goldwater vs. Johnson), 1968 (Nixon vs. Humphrey) and 2000 (Bush vs. Gore). But
the contests of 1964 (the perception that Barry Goldwater was extreme) and 1968
(Vietnam and social disruption) were heavily influenced by noneconomic factors.
The 2000 election, which occurred as a big speculative bubble in the stock
market and the technology sector was deflating, also lacks strong parallels to
today.

The best comparison might be the 2012 election. While unemployment was nearly 8
percent, and economic growth was anemic, jobs growth had picked up. But in that
election year, the Federal Reserve kept its foot firmly on the monetary policy
pedal. This helped ensure momentum  continued through the election and after.
The Fed isn't slamming on the brakes right now, but it is expected to raise
interest rates this year.

The Fed's hope is that the economy will keep growing steadily without a big
helping hand. And it may. ''I think it's a myth that expansions die of old
age,'' Janet L. Yellen, the chairwoman of the Fed, said late last year. The
economy has grown in each of the previous six years.

Jobs and economic growth will always matter to voters. Whipsaw boom-bust
economic cycles of the postwar years played a part in deciding who was
president, and the American business cycle hasn't suddenly gone away. But
nowadays there are no big wars to finance, just a few long, grinding
commitments; inflation is under control; and the recent overhaul of the
financial sector appears to have promoted steady credit growth without creating
widespread losses. We may be in an era when politicians cannot make much hay out
of the economy.

If Mrs. Clinton becomes the Democratic nominee and wins in November, it could
show that a cautious candidate can do well in a composed economy. True, the lack
of drama in the economy may also be helping Mr. Trump run a wrecking-ball
campaign by stirring up other issues. But think about it: If there is one force
that can derail him, or restrain him, it's the threat that the economy won't
tolerate his more unconventional policies.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ethnic economies are on the rise; Social trends: These clusters of business
offer immigrants jobs, plus social and professional connections, but raise
ethical questions

BYLINE: Douglas Todd, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 1349 words


Should a Swedish restaurant in Canada be permitted to hire only Scandinavian
servers to create a Scandinavian ambience?

Should a Mexican restaurant here have the right to employ only Hispanic staff?

Should a Chinese restaurant in North America be allowed to prioritize
Mandarin-speaking staff?

Noted economist Steve Levitt was recently exploring such ethical questions. The
co-author of the bestselling book Freakonomics says it's tricky to determine
whether restaurants and other businesses should be able to racially profile
employees.

"I personally wouldn't call that discrimination, or at least not the kind of
discrimination to get upset about," Levitt says. "If I have a Swedish
restaurant, I want to fill it up, not just with people who are tall and blond,
but who have nice Swedish accents as well, whether they're real or fake."

The University of Chicago economist also says if he owned a sushi or East Asian
restaurant, he would want to hire East Asian-looking people. Levitt says if he
walked into a Chinese restaurant that had no Chineselooking staff, "I bet you
and I would talk about that a lot."

The questions Levitt was dealing with - whether ethnic profiling in hiring
necessarily amounts to discrimination - are germane to a rising phenomenon in
North America, Europe and elsewhere, where scholars are documenting the
expansion of what they call ethnic economies.

Benefits in specialization Ethnic economy is the umbrella term for a range of
multibilliondollar financial activities. In their groundbreaking book Ethnic
Economies, scholars Ivan Light and Steven Gold define an ethnic economy as "any
ethnic or immigrant group's selfemployed, its employers, their co-ethnic
employees and their unpaid family workers."

The term ethnic economy can sometimes also go beyond the small-business world of
restaurants and hair salons to apply to major industries such as clothing
manufacturers, taxi companies and construction enterprises - any business where
one ethnic group of employees predominates.

Ethnic economies range from vibrant Cuban commercial hubs in Miami to
sophisticated Indian financial networks in East Africa, from South Asians in the
trucking industry to the more than 120 Chinese malls in suburban Toronto and the
so-called Golden Triangle of Richmond.

Estimating roughly 40 per cent of "labour force participation takes place
outside the mainstream economy" in North America, Light and Gold maintain that
ethnic economies are having an increasingly dramatic impact.

Although the concept is sometimes considered controversial because it suggests
ethnic groups are in competition with each other, most Western scholars are
either neutral or positive about the rapid expansion of ethnic economies.

Light and Gold assert that ethnic solidarity can be highly advantageous in
business. "Ethnic-based collectivism makes a difference to the economic status
of immigrants and minority groups," they write.

Ethnic economies are particularly important to places such as Metro Vancouver
and Toronto, where the populations are more than 45 per cent foreign born.

Metro Vancouver and Toronto have dozens of Indian, Chinese, Filipino, Iranian,
Pakistani, Korean and other ethnic enclaves, which often form the basis of
ethnic economies (although ethnic economies can operate outside a specific
geographical area).

University of B.C. geographer Daniel Hiebert has found people in enclaves in
which a single ethno-cultural group predominates tend to do better economically
than people in enclaves in which no single ethic group prevails.

Comparing neighbourhoods by income levels, unemployment, welfare rates and home
ownership, Hiebert says residents of enclaves in which one group dominates have
the benefit of unique business and job opportunities.

"Ethnic economies are situations where entrepreneurs in a group employ co-ethics
and specialize in particular industrial sectors: for example, Vietnamese
immigrants in nail salons in New York City, or Indian immigrants in the American
hotel sector," Hiebert says.

"Living in the midst of a large co-ethnic group may be beneficial, perhaps by
enabling people to access social capital, or perhaps through the employment
opportunities that may arise in ... ethnic economies."

Community 'rewards'

A few decades ago, the conventional theory was that ethnic economies formed
because immigrants faced discrimination in the mainstream job market. But, with
the rise of equal rights in the 1960s, scholars now generally believe it's
frequently a bonus for immigrants to have access to ethnic economies.

Alireza Ahmadian, an Iranianborn research associate at Vancouver's Laurier
Institution, says enclaves fuel ethnic economies because they provide a place
where newcomers and strangers can meet co-ethnics and discuss challenges.

"One of the first items on their agenda is business," he says. "These
conversations sometimes lead to business partnerships. The issue of trust is an
important one in driving ethnic economies. For many new and first-generation
immigrants, it is easier to trust someone from their own culture who speaks
their language."

Few researchers of ethnic economies have taken on the kind of ethical issues the
co-author of Freakonomics explored in his discussion of possibly discriminatory
hiring practices, however.

North American human rights law places many restrictions on hiring people based
on their ethnicity, particularly if a company has more than 10 to 15 employees.

For instance, a Mexican restaurant in Houston was recently fined for terminating
a black and a Filipino employee because they didn't speak Spanish.

The U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Commission successfully argued the Mexican
restaurant was using language as a pretext for hiring only Hispanics.

Despite such anti-discrimination laws, it has become increasingly common for
some employers in Canada, particularly in Metro Vancouver and Toronto, to
require proficiency in a foreign language.

Albert Lo, head of the Canadian Race Relations Foundation, says it's often
possible to make a legitimate "business case" that a prospective employee might
need to speak a certain foreign language.

But Lo says it's always crucial to keep an eye out for when a language
requirement is used as a cover for ethnic discrimination - and for when the
ethnic-employee ratio of a company becomes "out of sync with the community it
serves."

Lo, a former real estate developer, says the subject of ethnic economies can
sometimes be "divisive."

In Western societies in which most companies, the public sector and non-profit
organizations, are legally required to be colour-blind - and are pressed to hire
employees from a range of ethno-cultural groups - ethnic economies go the
opposite direction. Despite thorny questions regarding discrimination and ethnic
competition, the traditional theory that ethnic economies rise because of
discrimination in the larger marketplace is now rarely heard, according to the
book Landscapes of the Ethnic Economy, edited by David Kaplan and Wei Li.

Immigrant-fuelled economies have "matured" and "drastically transformed"
Canada's major cities, according to York University's Lucia Lo. Scores of
Chinese malls, for instance, now exist in the "ethno-burbs" of Toronto and
Vancouver, Lo writes, because that's what many ethnic Chinese want.

While some ethnic economies are small, many also operate within large,
trans-national corporations that deal in goods, services, real estate and
transportation, according to Landscapes of the Ethnic Economy. Some eventually
merge into the mainstream economy.

Ethnic economies exist because they provide multiple "rewards" to those who take
part in them, Landscapes of the Ethnic Economy says, which also notes immigrants
tend to be more entrepreneurial than members of the host culture.

"These rewards need not only be monetary," the book says. "They could include
status rewards; the opportunity to employ family and friends and the chance to
build up the ethnic community."

dtodd@vancouversun.com blog: vancouversun.com/douglastodd
twitter.com/douglastodd !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jenelle Schneider, Png Files; Malls in the ethno-burbs of Toronto and
Vancouver, such as the Aberdeen mall in Richmond, often serve as hubs for those
communities' ethnic economies.; Nick Procaylo, Png Files;  Alireza Ahmadian of
the Laurier Institution says trust is a fulcrum in many ethnic economies. 'For
many new and first-generation immigrants, it is easier to trust someone from
their own culture who speaks their language,' he says.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Premium economy: tried and tested;
Is that upgrade to the middle cabin really worth it? Here's our verdict on six
key airlines flying across the Atlantic

SECTION: TRAVEL;FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1079 words


The airline BRITISH AIRWAYS While BA's lead-in return fare to New York is £362,
premium economy starts at more than double that - £797. It's available on all
routes to the US. www.ba.com Seat pitch is 38in - a step up from economy's 31in.
The seats are a couple of inches wider, too. You're in a small separate cabin,
with curtains to keep out the cattle-classers, so you feel the difference.

A three-course meal - on proper crockery. The main course (and lovely afternoon
cream tea) are the same as in business class: a huge improvement on economy.

NORWEGIAN It's available on all UK-US flights, from £1,211 return (£271 in
economy). Low economy fares are limited, though; many cost nearer £500.
www.norwegian.com Economy seats are a cosy 17in wide and 31in in pitch, but in
premium you get an extra 15in of pitch and 2in more width. Even our 6ft 3in
tester found it roomy.

Two meals - but of questionable quality. Our soggy sandwiches bordered on
inedible, while dinner was bland pasta. You're limited to two free alcoholic
drinks per meal.

THOMSON The airline's only UK-US route is to Florida. Upgrades from economy
(returns from £449) cost £149 in winter or £308 in summer. www.thomson.co.uk
You'll be in a turn-left, business-classy cabin, with separate toilets and seats
with larger screens, more recline and 5in more pitch, bringing it up to 38in.
Most have footrests, too.

Sparkling wine when you board, and a four-course meal of British classics. (It's
three in economy.) The food is a bit inconsistent - our tester found quality and
portion size much better on the outward leg.

Noise-cancelling headphones, lumbar support, flight socks, eye mask - none of
which you get in BA's economy any more - and two checked bags. (It's just one in
economy.) BA offers four classes on many of its flights - premium economy being
the third - so don't expect to feel too "special". You board and pass security
with the economy crowd: the only extras are in the air.

It's a definite upgrade, but a chunky price hike. Seen as a saving on Club
World, however, it looks a good deal: maybe that''s why it's favoured by shrewd
celebs such as Natasha Kaplinsky. It's even better value on BA's newer planes,
where cabins are sleeker.

Norwegian usually charges for checked luggage, but in premium you'll get two
items up to 20kg included, as well as a reserved seat, lounge access and a
fast-track pass through security.

There aren't any amenity kits, even on overnighters. And the whole thing feels
more budget than business.

Worth it if you really need that generous legroom. Less so if you're after a
"luxe" upgrade experience.

Fast-track check-in and security, and you get on and off first. A Rituals
amenities kit is included, though we received this only on our outbound day
flight, not on the return overnighter, where it would have been more helpful.

You get free Premium Club entertainment (£7 extra in economy), but it's not
brilliant - a handful of new films and loads of kids' stuff. Bring a good book.

Worth it. The roomy private cabin is much more tranquil than the
infant-dominated economy class if you're flying for nine hours. And Thomson
charges for pretty standard stuff in economy - entertainment, booze - so you get
a lot more for your money.

DELTA Sold as a bolt-on to an economy ticket on all UK-US flights (Heathrow-NYC
from £360), it costs £54-£108, one-way, so you'll pay up to 30% more.
www.delta.com Seat pitch is 4in greater than in economy, but the width is the
same (18in), so it feels like economy with a tad more knee room. You're in the
main cabin, but in your own (pretty large) section.

Same food and drink as economy. It's edible, but not award-winning.

VIRGIN ATLANTIC Available on all routes to the US. Like BA, Virgin has economy
flights to NYC from £362; premium economy on the route starts at about £825.

www.virginatlantic.com Comfortably padded, with noticeably more legroom than in
economy: the seat pitch is 38in, as opposed to 31in. The seats are wider, too:
21in, rather than 17in.

Nice linen, china, decent metal cutlery and a choice of three main courses -
this feels a great deal swisher than economy. You also get fizz and a newspaper
when you board.

THOMAS COOK AIRLINES Offered on flights from Glasgow, Gatwick and Manchester to
four US cities. Flights from Manchester to NYC start at £399 in economy and £670
in premium. www.thomascook.com You get to make that coveted left turn into your
own cabin, with comfy, slightly roomier seats: more than 2in wider at nearly
20in, with an extra 5in of pitch.

The outbound menu by the TV chef James Martin is tasty, but the inbound one
isn't as nice. Alcohol is included.

You're closer to the front of the plane than in economy, so can get off sooner,
and you board first, so you'll get your carry-on luggage stashed early. Both
classes have amenity kits, but premium offers the extra luxury of pillow,
blanket, toothpaste and toothbrush.

It doesn't feel like much of an upgrade - more like most other airlines' economy
class.

It's not very different from economy, but nor is the price. If you consider
Delta's economy as the "budget" option and premium economy as "standard", prices
seem fair. It's worth it for tall travellers who want extra room, or for those
keen to sit further forward on the aircraft.

Priority check-in, boarding and baggage reclaim. There's a decent amenities kit,
too, with toothbrush, toothpaste and socks.

You're paying quite a bit more, but you still can't use the Upper Class lounge
or get fast-tracked through security.

It comes down to budget. If it's just extra space you're looking for, the Seat
Plus option, which lets you keep a neighbouring seat free in economy, is far
cheaper (from £65).

This article appears in the February TRAVEL Magazine, our glossy get the next
six issues for £6 (UK 414827 or visit sttmsub.co.See the website for full
Hand-luggage quotas are upped to 10kg (from 6kg); hold baggage to 32kg (from
23kg). You also get a reserved seat and priority check-in and boarding. On the
plane, there's an amenity kit, newspapers and "premium" entertainment.

There are inconsistencies.

On our outbound flight, economy passengers were allowed to use the premium
economy loo, causing queues. Leaving New York, "priority" boarding meant we
simply got on a shuttle bus first - then had to wait for the rest of the
passengers.

When it works, it's worth it. But get on a flight with problems - or from a
faffy airport such as JFK - and all of a sudden it doesn't feel quite so
premium.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday
                                 First Edition

How to predict growth in world's economies

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Financial Times; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 848 words


As the late John Kenneth Galbraith remarked: "The only function of economic
forecasting is to make astrology look respectable." That does not mean we can
say nothing useful. We can identify economic trends and known unknowns.

The world economy is extremely likely to grow. It has, after all, grown every
year since the second world war, with the exception of 2009 and the global
financial crisis, when it shrank 2 per cent at market exchange rates and
remained roughly constant at purchasing power parity. The International Monetary
Fund believes the world economy will grow at nearly 4 per cent, at PPP. This is
a good starting point. It is also a remarkable one; at 4 per cent annual growth,
the world economy doubles every 18 years.

We can also be fairly sure emerging economies will grow faster than high-income
ones and Asian emerging economies will grow fastest of all. This, too, has been
a long-term pattern.

Asian emerging economies have grown faster than emerging ones every year at
least since 1980, even in 1998, the worst year of the Asian financial crisis.
Asian growth is decelerating, largely because of China's slowdown. But it is
still expected to run at an annual rate of above 6 per cent.

Emerging economies are forecast to grow at close to 5 per cent annually.
High-income economies are expected to grow at a little over 2 per cent. The main
reason emerging economies grow faster is catch-up; the possibility of applying
already existing knowledge. This potential is nowhere near exhausted. Barring
catastrophe, this is likely to continue being the strongest force on the world
economy.

Among the high-income economies, it is also sensible to bet that the US will
grow faster than Europe and Japan. This is partly due better demography, and
faster technical progress. How far, then, can we go beyond this to assess 2015
specifically?

Start with the possible positives.

Short-term forecasting always focuses on demand. But it is sensible to include
supply. Economies with exceptional amounts of slack can grow faster than normal.
Among high-income economies, those with most slack are those in the "peripheral"
euro zone. These economies could now grow relatively quickly.

The improvement might even start in 2015, since long-term interest rates are
low, private-sector balance sheets are stronger and fiscal deficits are under
control. If the European Central Bank pulled out all the stops, the rise in
confidence might surprise. Another positive supply shock would be a recovery in
productivity growth in crisis-hit high-income economies, including Britain and
the US. That would only be a small surprise. A positive supply surprise might
also be seen in India, which ought to be the world's fastest-growing major
economy over the few decades.

Another helpful factor is persistently low inflation. This allows the monetary
authorities to remain accommodative. Tightening in the US and UK is likely to be
slow. In the euro zone and Japan, policy is even going in the opposite
direction, since deflation fears remain strong. China is also being driven to
loosen as its economy weakens.

The most important positive factor of all is the decline in oil prices. An
interesting blog for the IMF argued that global output could be between 0.3 per
cent and 0.7 per cent higher in 2015 as a result. Lower oil prices help by
reducing headline inflation and raising consumers' real incomes. If prices
remain low, this could last for a while.

Now consider possible negatives. Experience suggests that a large financial
crisis is the event most likely to disrupt global growth. The risks would seem
to be a financial meltdown in China, a collapse of the euro zone, or a severe
crisis in emerging economies as the dollar strengthens, US interest rates rise
and capital flees. Any of these seems conceivable.

But none seems that likely, largely because policymakers are likely to manage
the risks. The greatest danger would be disintegration of the euro zone. This is
a political project where political underpinnings are fragile. Survival is
likely. But it is not certain.

Another possible source of severe disruption would be a geopolitical shock. But
it would have to be a large one. Conflict between great powers, a nuclear war in
the Gulf or nuclear terrorism would be game-changers. The economic results of
proxy wars proved manageable in the cold war. One hopes the same is true of the
new cold war between Russia and the west.

Another year of decent global growth is, in brief, far and away the most likely
outcome in 2015. It could even be a relatively good year, notably in the US. But
and this is a big but - deep structural challenges remain. In particular, we
continue to rely on central banks to manage what I have labelled "chronic demand
deficiency syndrome". The ultra-low interest rate environment is its most
telling symptom. As China's extraordinarily high investment rate falls, the
demand deficiency is likely to worsen. Germany's demand deficiency makes
resolution of the euro zone crisis very difficult.

But central banks should be able to cope for another year. Happy New Year.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Asian emerging economies grew faster than emerging ones. PHOTO:
BLOOMBERG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               November 17, 2014

We Are Still Not Broke [editorial]

LENGTH: 449 words


IS it possible that the Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, who is
supposed to have commanding stands on the economy, as other appendages to her
title suggest, is the last person to know that the Nigerian economy is in dire
straits?

She has spent the better part of this year denying that anything could be amiss
with the economy. As oil prices fall, with the United States using other oils,
even ordinary people noted that lower oil sales would affect the economy. Dr.
Okonjo-Iweala said nothing of the sort would happen. The economy was on a sound
footing, she added. Anyone who doubted her was cast in the mould of the
opposition. There is the politics of the economy, a trend where any suggestion
about improving the economy is equated with taking a stand against the
administration.

Last April's rebasing of the economy that pushed Nigeria's Gross Domestic
Product to $509 billion, ahead of South Africa's $350 billion, was 24 years
late. Nigeria had been working with a 1990 base. While the exercise saw GDP jump
89 per cent from N42.3 trillion (2013) to N80.3 trillion, the economy's
acknowledgement of sectors like telecommunications, music and Nollywood should
mark more efforts at harnessing the potentials the sectors hold.

Nigeria's huge population does not feel the impact of the growth. Governments'
interests are in statistics that support economic growth.

If without electricity Nigeria raked up 12 places to become the 24th largest
economy in the world, sharing the spot with Poland and Belgium; ahead of
Argentina, Austria and Iran, we can imagine what could be achieved with better
infrastructure and less corruption.

The long job queues remain, as more people are joining them. Millions are
becoming poorer; the growth in the economy excludes their own realities. Rampant
corruption denies the economy resources and disrupts systems.

Only last week, Dr. Okonjo-Iweala admitted that the economy was in a shape that
would challenge all soon. Oil prices were tumbling, she said, as if that was
new. Or that managers of the economy had not repetitively sang about the
importance of diversifying the economy? What was her prescription for surviving
the coming hard times? She wants us to apply austerity measures. The
prescription is obviously not for governments.

It is a shame that those entrusted with managing our affairs, either complain,
like most Nigerians, or threaten us with woes.

The economy, doubtlessly, is in a bad shape. Its unique growth cannot create
jobs, improve the situation of people or direct them to opportunities. Ordinary
Nigerians understand an economy without oil better than managers of the economy
- they practise it; they do not need to preach it.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  Southern Eye

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

We've failed: Mujuru

LENGTH: 440  words


THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

THE government yesterday admitted that most of its policies were not working and
was revisiting them to ensure that the collapsing national economy could be
revived.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1498


                          Copyright 2014 SouthernEye.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

Iran's economy ministry sets up "resistance economy" committee

BYLINE: Fatih Karimov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


Feb. 23--Iran's Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs has set up a special
committee to pursue the implementation of resistance economy plan, which has
been recently outlined by Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, the Tasnim News Agency
reported on February 23.

Iranian economy minister Ali Tayyebnia has said that the Supreme Leader's
guidelines about resistance economy will lead the country's economy to get rid
of dependence on oil incomes.

The committee is tasked with preparing a comprehensive plan to materialize
objectives of the resistance economy plan, he added.

On Feb. 19, Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei outlined a "Resistance Economy"
plan, with a main theme of supporting domestic production relying on national
resources.

The leader emphasized improving economic productivity, supporting job creation
plans, and enhancing social welfare indices.

He has also highlighted the need for reforming the national financial system,
increasing non-oil exports, implementing the subsidy reform plan, improving
consumption patterns, and securing sufficient sources for food and drug imports.

For more than a year, Iran has operated under the ideology of the "Resistance
Economy", a concept declared by the Supreme Leader in an August 2012 speech.

In that speech, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei urged then-President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
to adopt what he termed a "Resistance Economy", laying out twelve key
"Resistance Economy" principles, including that Iran's production should be
developed and increased, and that Iranians must be persuaded to shun foreign
imports in favor of domestically-made goods.

According to Khamenei, the "Resistance Economy" would promote economic
self-reliance, a strategy that would defeat the efforts of the U.S.-led West to
defeat Iran via economic and trade sanctions. It would thus ensure Iran's
continued defiance of the West, and the progress of its 1979 Islamic Revolution,
by harnessing Iran's "full potential". Beyond the economy, it would "break the
illusions" of the U.S. that increasingly harsh sanctions would force Tehran to
capitulate over its nuclear program.

The ideology of the "Resistance Economy", with its core concepts of
self-sufficiency and even sacrifice, proclaims that Islamic Republic can survive
-- and indeed flourish -- despite U.S.-led sanctions.

Follow us on Twitter @TRENDNewsAgency

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140223-1AZ-Iran-s-economy-ministry-sets-up-resistance-economy
-committee-0223-20140223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              177 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Emerging economies need policies to handle tapering

LENGTH: 723 words


The concerns of attack on Syria and possible tapering by the US Fed prevailed
during the G-20 meeting this month at St Petersburg. In relation to the global
economy, G-20 felt there was a need to increase the momentum of recovery and
strengthen the foundations for long-term growth.

Advanced G-20 countries agreed to maintain a flexible approach in implementing
their fiscal strategies, while remaining committed to sustainable public
finances. Monetary policy supported the global economic recovery in line with
the mandate of central banks.

However, risks of extended monetary easing remain and sustained growth will be
accompanied by an eventual transition towards the normalisation of monetary
policies. Advanced economies have agreed to have credible specific medium-term
fiscal strategies. These strategies will be implemented flexibly to take into
account near-term economic conditions, so as to support economic growth and job
creation, while putting debt as a share of GDP on a sustainable path.

A number of emerging market economies have also laid out key elements of their
strategies to promote fiscal sustainability. Euro-area has committed to efforts
to strengthen bank balance sheets, reduce financial fragmentation and moving
ahead towards a banking union.

IMF had informed G-20 that it has dropped its view of emerging economies as the
dynamic engine of the world economy, instead noting that "momentum is projected
to come mainly from advanced economies, where output is expected to accelerate.

Earlier IMF had warned that end of extraordinarily loose monetary policy in
advanced economies might cause turmoil in financial markets and sharp
depreciations in emerging economy exchange rates. The IMF said growth
projections for emerging economies are being revised downward "with risks still
to the downside".

The impulse to global growth is expected to come mainly from the United States
in the near term. Emerging economies' policy responses should be tailored to the
specific country.

At the upcoming IMF meeting at Washington next month the emerging economies
growth may be revised down. The concerns on global financial stability on
account of tapering of easing by US Fed may also be highlighted at the IMF
meeting.

At the G-20 meeting the emerging economies have also agreed on a rescue fund
dedicating $100 billion to struggle against the depreciation of their
currencies. The commitment from China is at $41 billion. Brazil, India and
Russia will contribute $18 billion each and South Africa will contribute $5
billion. It is not clear when this rescue fund would be operational. Except
China all other emerging economies currencies had a steep fall recently on
expectations of possible Fed tapering.

China has indicated that it will not deploy its reserves unless tough terms are
imposed for the rescue fund. The excess volatility of financial flows and
disorderly movements in exchange rates had adverse implications on the economic
and financial stability of some emerging economies. With the easing of Syria
tension a bit the oil prices had fallen and emerging market currencies
strengthened. A surge in oil price had also contributed to inflation in emerging
economies. Emerging economies had witnessed huge inflows since the beginning of
the subprime crisis and it continued after easing measures were announced by the
Fed and other major central banks in advanced economies in response to the
global financial crisis.

Quantitative Easing (QE) is an unconventional monetary policy, which has
prevailed mainly after the global financial crisis. With the recovery seen in
the US economy the tapering of QE by the Fed can begin in the near term. Similar
actions can also be followed by other central banks in advanced economies once
recovery of their economies begins. Emerging economies should prepare themselves
to manage the volatile financial flows and falling currencies. They may bring
initial measures to withstand the shocks arising out of these volatile financial
flows. However policy reorganisation is required both at the monetary and fiscal
level, which will enable them to become more resilient to withstand the tapering
and also prepare themselves for scenarios in which QE never exists.

The writer is Group CEO at Doha Bank Views expressed by the author are his own
and do not reflect the newspaper's policy

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2013 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday

GCC to lead world's green economy

LENGTH: 858  words


Dr. Sami Al-Nuaim The green economy is defined as the portion of existing
economy focusing on sustainable economy with zero carbon emissions where all
consumed energy is derived from renewable resources, which are naturally
replaced. This detention is in contrast to the traditional black economy which
is based on carbon-intensive fossil fuels (petroleum/coal) or yellow economy
which supports the economy that generates low carbon emissions in very efficient
way. I believe that zero carbon emission is impractical regardless of the source
of the energy; hence, I prefer referring to the green economy as per my
definition of the yellow-economy especially in hydrocarbon based economies such
as OPEC and GCC countries.

It should be defined as the portion of the economy focusing on sustainable
environmental-friendly energy sources with minimum and efficient carbon emission
weather from renewable or conventional energy sources. Such economy includes any
investment in sectors supporting this definition such as renewable energy
generation, energy efficient transport, energy conservation, energy efficiency
improvement, Carbon capture/storage with the objective of preserving the global
ecosystems supported by the creation of sustainable governance models,
profitable business models for developing, delivering, maintaining and
supporting green economy services and products.

When you take a quick glance at the global green economy map, we find huge
investments (billions of dollars) spent annually in the United States, Western
Europe and more recently in China, used to fund several projects to generate
clean energy, create service sector, generate laws and regulations, encourage
the private sector to invest, and more importantly, establish associated
research centers. Comparing these huge investments, to the limited investments
by the Third World countries indicates the small size of this economy in the
Third World countries, with the exception of limited investments by the United
Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Qatar through the establishment of few renewable
energy projects. The weak ecosystem and green culture that exist in the Third
World countries is the main reason for this low green economy.

I believe that it is GCC and OPEC countries' strategic interest to play a major
role in the world's green economy map. This strategy should consist of three
parallel tracks. The first is to protect their Oil market's share, which is a
pivot to their current economy and income. This can be done by improving the
current public black image of hydrocarbon as the main source for the global
warming and carbon emission. This strategy can be achieved through investing
into Research & Development to improve the hydrocarbon-based energy sources
burning efficiency and developing mobile and stationary carbon capture and
carbon sequestration technologies/projects.

The second track is to reduce their daily carbon emission through arresting the
current local energy consumption and avoiding unnecessary overproduction. This
strategy will also elongate the depletion date of their current hydrocarbon
reserves. The third track is to develop long term renewable energy technologies
generation and supporting industries. The objective of this strategy is not only
to arrest their current unprecedented exponential energy consumption, but also
to maintain their current major role as energy exporters and avoid becoming
energy importers after the depletion of their conventional hydrocarbon
resources. These three tracks will significantly reduce the carbon emersion and
support the green economy in these countries.

Hence, I believe that major OPEC and GCC countries are still at the beginning of
a very long journey. The current few appreciated efforts undertaking by major
GCC countries are progressing slowly with very limited green economy governance,
services, and infrastructure. GCC countries lack the presence of independent
research organizations that can develop new green technologies and generate
independent environmental studies supporting the green economy. They also lack
the existence of public green economy databases and studies that can be easily
referred to for any future studies/projects.

There is clear evidence that there is no GCC integrated strategy, no
collaborative efforts including unified standards and governance by-laws,
research & development, unified prices, accountability process and most
importantly market incentives that would promote the private sectors involvement
and commitment. Furthermore, the current green economy strategies' impact on GCC
country's economy is neither felt nor seen in any previous and current economic
studies. Unfortunately, till today, all GCC energy demand is almost 100% met by
oil and gas. I admit that there are plans to improve this in UAE, KSA and Qatar;
however GCC countries must triple the current green-economy efforts to position
themselves in the near future as major players in the global green economy
rather than their current role.

- Dr. Sami Al-Nuaim is a Saudi writer and can be reached on Twitter: @neaimsa.
His articles can be read at www.saudienergy.net

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2013 The Saudi Gazette.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

"Resistance economy" not same as economic austerity - Iran official

LENGTH: 660 words


Excerpts from report in English by Iranian official government news agency IRNA
website

Semnan, Semnan Province, 1 March: Secretary of IRI Expediency Council said here
Friday [1 March] Iran's resistance economy is by no means equal to world famous
economic austerity plan, but same as Islamic blossoming economy aimed at
civilization building.   The former IRGC chief and last term presidential
hopeful, Mohsen Reza'i who was speaking at Semnan Resistance Economy Conference,
referring to the present day economic problems of the country, added, 'By
resistance economy we mean there would be no inflation price rates, no
unemployment, no addiction to narcotic drugs, and in our country and Iran would
pave the path towards advancement and development.'

He reiterated, 'Resistance economy is a model and type of management so in which
the sanctions would be annulled and the country's economy would pave its path
towards full blossoming.'

Reza'i referred to the enemies' imposed economic sanctions against Iran,
arguing, 'The question is, 'Why were we subjected to these sanctions?' He
continued, 'There is a political and another economic reply to this question.'

Emphasizing that the Iranian foreign policy is based on wisdom, expediency, and
prosperity, he said, 'Having had a single-product economy and over-reliance on
crude oil sales led to the emergence of the sanctions.'

Reza'i added, 'The Iranian economy is a state-run economy and is not a people's
economy, as the people are not present at the economic scenes and the bulk part
of the country's economy is in the hands of the government.'

He reiterated, 'A non-single-product economy that would not be state-run and
dependent on the people would not be subjected to any type of sanctions.'

The secretary of Expediency Council said, 'The train of the Iranian economy must
change rails and exit towards becoming a multi-product, people's economy.'

Reza'i added, 'If the Iranian economy would change its path and become
self-sufficient and nation-based, then the type of dialogue of the enemies with
Iran would differ and they would begin to realize that rather than deleting the
sanctions drop by drop, they would have to lift them all at once.'

He said that the economic Jihad is the logical continuation of the Iranian
nation's political Jihad and military defence Jihad, emphasizing, 'In political
Jihad, Iran's independence and in military defensive jihad the might of the
system political might were established, while in economic Jihad the blossoming
of the Iranian economy must be established, leading to self-sufficiency of our
economy.'

He added, 'In the course of the economic Jihad the 3rd and fourth generations
(of the revolution era youth) must enter the scene more actively and blossom the
Iranian economy at scientific, technological and other fields.'

Reza'i reiterated, 'The Islamic Iran is on the verge of taking a big test, which
is verily proving its capability in civilization building and this civilization
building can be materialized only amid economic blossoming.'

He added, 'In resistance economy the management of the economic system cannot be
under the command of a single person, or even a single team of managers; in it
no major change occurs with the exit of a team and the coming to power of a new
team no major change would occur, but it is the management system that is in
need of being changed and so long as that change has not happened nothing will
take place.'

The secretary of the Expediency Council concluded his remarks arguing, 'I am
optimistic about the future of the system and I am not saying so because of my
sentiments, as I truly believe the system's problems cannot be solved relying
merely on chanting slogans.'

In his visit of Semnan province Mohsen Reza'i also had a meeting with the
bereaved family members of IRCG martyred commander, Hasan Shateri.

[Passage omitted]

Source: Islamic Republic News Agency website, Tehran, in English 2055 gmt 1 Mar
13

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                 Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 11, 2009 Friday

EDITORIAL: Price control is the way to go in Cayman

BYLINE: James M Bodden III, Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 812 words


Sep. 11--One of our incessant plights as a small, fragile and tertiary
services-based economy is that we are ever dependent on the private
infrastructure for our supplies, pricing, and essentially, our salvation. We
have no natural resources to fill our needs. We have to solely remain on what is
imported by the private economy. It is because of this that we are subject to
their pricing and supply.

Essentially, we have to pay what they wish to charge. It is true that this is
just natural business but at this current time we do not have the luxury of
relying on just prices from our local private economy. Our entire country is
solely based on the will and production of private companies; this may have
worked previously, but in our current financial crisis, the people of the Cayman
Islands need a little more security than what we have received thus far.

The government should enlist the ESO (Economics & Statistics Office) to initiate
a study to determine what is the true cost of the needed products (groceries,
essentials, etc.). With this collected data, the government could enact price
controls over such items. These would range from electricity, gas, food items,
water, etc.

Within each industry there would also be a blanket price control for that
particular industry, for example; mechanic work, construction cost, etc. Such an
initiative would not be meant to harm any private business or manipulate our
free market economy but unprecedented decisions to save our country's economy.

We would simply be adjusting the profit structure to ensure that our people
receive economic justice from the various oligarchies that control supply and
pricing throughout the Cayman Islands. It is because of these various
oligarchies that our economy has become so fragile and bloated. With price
controls, the economy would strengthen because of the increase of disposable
income and consumption.

Such key areas as fuel cost, utilities cost and food cost would be the key areas
for setting price controls because these are the areas of greatest cost and of
most importance. Seasonal price controls could be set regarding other areas of
the economy; such as construction materials, automobiles, or particular consumer
goods, but this would be on an individual and seasonal basis as required.

To make such price controls more feasible and appeasing to the private economy,
the government could issue assurance bonds (over time payment) for loss of
profit to debt ratio to secure and ensure supply demands and relationships with
overseas suppliers.

Another method to guarantee successful private co-operation would be to relax
duties, charges and fees as per particularly affected areas. Such inclusion
would reassure private industry as to government's intentions and purpose for a
price control initiative. The aim would not be to completely control the economy
but to lessen the financial prison and subjugation that many people now find
themselves within.

Sometimes in a country's economic history, certain steps have to be made for the
longevity and stability of the economy. In such cases, decisions made are not
made to harm or diametrically affect any aspect of the economy but it may be
required for the overall economy to shrink and be concentrated. When this is
necessary, those that have built the economy and serve as main sources for
supply are those responsible for the protection and vitality of said economy.
When speaking of price controls, we simply speak of economic responsibility and
security.

Our economy, essentially, is very fragile and somewhat artificial. With our lack
of natural resources, natural supply and extensive industry we are given no
other choice but to adjust our economy as needed. We do not have a strong enough
economy to absorb or survive extensive inflation and loss of purchasing power;
as such, we must all adjust to the times and the situation.

Price control is one way to secure economic stability, while securing overall
stability, inclusion and consumption. We should be cognizant of the fact that
these Islands are based on oligarchies -- a small number of companies that
control economy. These oligarchies have made their share from our uncontrolled
or unmonitored economy. If the economy crashes, these oligarchies will also
crash. If we combine efforts and work together with a little sacrifice, then the
country and its economy will have its longevity and stability, as will the
country.

To see more of the Cayman Net News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.caymannetnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cayman Net News, Grand
Cayman, Cayman Islands Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090911-1CY-EDITORIAL-Price-control-is-the-way-to-go-in-Cayman-0911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              181 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 30, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

OLD ECONOMY / NEW ECONOMY: 'New economy' may be whatever you make of it

BYLINE: David McNaughton, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 7H

LENGTH: 667 words

The nice thing about the "new economy" is you can define it any way you want.

"It's sort of a catchall term that is used to refer to anything that works
well," offered Jeffrey Humphreys, director of economic forecasting at the
University of Georgia.

"The whole thing is a bunch of baloney," suggested Denis McMorrow, whose DMAC
Industries produces corrugated steel decking in Alpharetta and nails in
Wheeling, W.Va. To McMorrow, a tool is a tool is a tool, and business has been
adopting better tools since capitalism began.

"It's opportunity," said Donald Ratajczak, a budding "new economy" entrepreneur
better known as the long-time director of economic forecasting at Georgia State
University.

It is, it seems, also made for tech-savvy members of Generation X --- and for
the still younger Generation Y. Those who choose not to start their own
Internet-related business --- sometimes before they even leave college or high
school --- are being lured to other start-ups by the potential of striking it
rich with stock options.

For a time, the "new economy" meant anything that was going up on Wall Street,
and the "old economy" meant anything that was going down.

Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan asked, almost two years ago, whether
there was in fact a "new economy," responsible for what he called an "
unprecedented" business expansion in the United States. At the time, he said
nobody would know for years if what was happening was "a harbinger of a new
economy or just a hyped-up version of the performance by the old."

By early this month, Greenspan appeared not only to admit there was a "new
economy," but to date it as well.

"It has become increasingly difficult to deny that something profoundly
different from the typical postwar business cycle has emerged in recent years, "
he said April 5 at a White House conference on the "new economy."

Greenspan gave most of the credit to "the extraordinary surge in technological
innovation" near the end of the last century. The first sign that business was
taking advantage of that innovation came with a sharp rise in high-tech
equipment purchases in 1993, he said.

But his "new economy" has more to do with what technology has wrought ---
growing productivity --- than what it is. The ability of business to use
computers, software and the Internet to eliminate redundancies has led to the
growing efficiencies that have helped produce a record economic expansion,
while, he noted, "inflation has remained largely contained."

Separating the "old economy" from the new one, however, is no easy task.

"All those dot-com companies have to have a roof over their heads and a floor
under their feet," said McMorrow, whose steel decking company is benefiting from
a healthy construction sector.

Even some technology companies might fall into the "old economy," said
Ratajczak. "IBM. Do you count that as new or old? Most people would consider it
old." Cisco Systems, he added, "is a heavy manufacturer," yet "most people would
put it in the 'new economy.' "

Ratajczak's own definition of "new economy" is this: "Basically, the 'new
economy' is, first of all, in the wireless/computer/Internet family. Second, it
has a balance sheet that is very, very heavy in equity and has very little debt.
Third, it finances top executives with a lot of stock options" instead of the
"instant gratification" of cash.

According to researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, the "new economy
" also moves a lot faster than the old and is less reliant on financial capital.

"A novel idea and a little money can spark a billion-dollar business almost
overnight," W. Michael Cox and Richard Alm wrote in the bank's 1999 annual
report. "Yesterday's economy was dominated by establishment capitalism, with
high barriers to entry that disadvantaged newcomers and new products. Economic
change occurred at a slower pace.

"In the new economy, knowledge is more important to economic success than money
or machinery."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
MORE BANG FOR THE BUCK
Productivity, which measures output per hour worked, jumped after the 1990-91
recession, then slumped in 1993. But it has remained positive since the second
quarter of 1995 and increased at an annual rate of 6.4 percent in the fourth
quarter of 1999, the best performance in seven years. The percent change is
measured from quarter to quarter and expressed as an annual rate.
Source: Bloomberg News / TROY OXFORD / Staff
Photo
Rejects the concept: "A bunch of baloney!" says Denis McMorrow of manufacturer
DMAC Industries.

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              182 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            February 16, 2015 Monday
                                 First Edition

Boost economy, budget will fix itself

BYLINE: Ross Gittins

SECTION: BUSINESS; Opinion & Analysis; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 752 words


We are hearing a lot of muddled thinking about how the Liberal Party's
leadership ructions affect the budget and the economy, much of it coming from
business people.

For the sake of their businesses, they need to think more clearly.

There must be some truth to the idea that the political uncertainly is adding to
the lack of business confidence, but the contention it's a big factor is
dubious. "Confidence" is such an amorphous thing. You can say what you like
about why it's up or down without anyone being able to prove you're wrong.

What's incontrovertible is that non-mining business investment isn't growing
very strongly - not as fast as the Reserve Bank was hoping it would be by now,
nor fast enough to offset the rapid slide in mining investment.

I think the main reason for this is simply that businesses don't see much need
to expand at present: their sales aren't growing all that strongly and they're
not about to run out of spare production capacity.

Any chief executive who has failed to take advantage of profitable investment
opportunities because he's so worried about the instability in Canberra deserves
the sack.

No, I think it works the other way round: because the economy's flat and you're
waiting for an attractive investment opportunity to arise, you rationalise your
inactivity by drawing attention to all the failings of the pollies supposed to
be running the economy.

The danger with all this hand-wringing about "confidence" is that it's
supposedly hard-headed business leaders resorting to wishful thinking: "if only
we could have a change of prime minister, everything in the economy would be
much better".

Part of the business angst has been worries about the budget: "it's vital we get
the budget back to surplus to help the economy" and "it will be a terrible thing
if Abbott tries to buy back some popularity by spending big in this year's
budget".

Such comments reveal a weak understanding of the macroeconomic basics. The
budget isn't the economy. They're quite separate things and the fate of the
economy matters far more that the fate of the budget and the size of the
government's debt.

Getting the budget back to surplus within a year or two wouldn't make the
economy grow any faster. In fact, it would make growth much slower. You'd have
to let budget deficits roll on for at least another decade before you got to the
point where it was damaging the economy.

Its main downside would be a level of public debt so high it made the government
reluctant to add to it by using the budget to stimulate the economy out of a
recession. At some point the government's credit rating might be downgraded, but
the fear of downgrades is exaggerated. Its blow to the government's ego would be
greater than the cost to taxpayers or the economy.

The budget and the economy are interrelated, of course, but it's a two-way
relationship. People know the budget affects the economy: cut taxes and increase
government spending and you'll make the economy expand faster; raise taxes and
cut spending and you'll slow the economy down.

The bit many don't get is that the economy also affects the budget. Stronger
growth in the economy leads to faster growth in tax collections and so reduces a
budget deficit, whereas slow growth hits tax collections and so worsens a budget
deficit.

That's where we are now. The prospective budget deficits over the coming three
or four years are now much higher than they were when Joe Hockey took over as
Treasurer. That's partly because of the budget measures blocked by the Senate,
but mainly because commodity prices have fallen much more than expected and tax
collections are growing much more slowly than expected.

The point is, to start slashing and burning in this year's budget would give the
economy another kick in the guts, which would slow growth even further and
probably make the deficit bigger rather than smaller.

This is precisely why, contrary to popular impression, the big cuts proposed in
last year's budget weren't intended to really kick in until 2017, by which time
it was hoped the economy would be back to growing strongly.

We now know the return to strong growth will be delayed. That's why the Reserve
Bank cut interest rates again. But even the Reserve admits that, at such low
levels, monetary policy isn't as effective as it was in stimulating growth.

That's why what we should be thinking about instead is whether the budget ought
to be used to support the economy further by investing in more infrastructure
projects.

Twitter: @1RossGittins

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     April 12, 1992, Sunday, SUNDAY EDITION

Trapped by the 'old economy' That's what happened to many companies in the '80s
merger binge

BYLINE: BY PETER CAMPBELL

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. H5

LENGTH: 663 words


One of the games corporations play is buying other corporations. For many
companies, this has been a deadly sport. When you look back over the casualties
flushed out by the recession, there is a pattern to be seen.

This pattern is highlighted in the work of Nuala Beck, principal of Nuala Beck &
Assoc. Inc. of Toronto. She identifies four strategic engines of growth for the
future economy: computers and semi-conductors; instrumentation; health and
medical services; and communications and telecommunications. Things like autos,
steel, retailing and real estate development are part of the old economy.

If Beck's perception of future trends is accurate, then the central purpose of
one company buying another should be to facilitate a move by the first company
into the new economy or to strengthen core businesses that serve the new
economy. In this way, acquisitions ensure survival.

But moving from the old economy to the new economy has seldom been the rationale
for the orgy of takeovers in the '80s. Swathed in the rallying cry of "enhancing
shareholder values" were such things as diversification to stabilize cyclical
earnings, economies of scale in management science and the exercise of sheer
financial power.

Most of these objectives boiled down to a massive ego trip by aggressive
executives with excessive corporate lines of credit. Most of their acquisitions
dug their companies deeper into the black hole of the old economy.

A sampling of losers in the acquisition game would have to include Campeau
Corp., Dofasco Inc., Federal Industries Ltd., First City Financial Corp.,
Olympia & York Developments Ltd., and Unicorp Canada Corp.

Campeau diversified from the old economy to the old economy - from development
to retailing - and self-immolated.

Dofasco went from the old economy to the very old - by acquiring Algoma. That
cost them about a billion dollars by the time they disengaged.

Federal Industries diversified widely within the old economy and lost $ 134
million in 1991. They throw one company over the wall after another trying to
pacify creditors.

First City used its trust company as a front for diversification into the old
economy - real estate development and greenmail.

Greenmail is the process of aggressively buying into ownership of a target
company and frightening management into buying you out at a premium.

O&Y diversified extensively from the development business into the old economy -
Abitibi Price, pulp and paper; Gulf Canada, oil and gas; and Trizec, yet more
real estate. This portfolio has been losing about $ 5 million a day, including
Sundays and holidays, over the past year.

Unicorp was busy at greenmail in the old economy and is now in the process of
losing its crown jewel, Union Energy Inc.

So much for the losers. Who are the winners? There are lots of quiet ones, but
the high profile ones would include BCE Inc., Imasco Ltd., and Power Corp. of
Canada - three Montreal-based companies.

BCE dabbled with diversification into the old economy in the '80s, going into
energy and real estate, but quickly refocused on the new economy. It has emerged
as a world-class communications and telecommunications conglomerate.

Imasco, as the old Imperial Tobacco Co., had a product line that customers would
die for - Players and du Maurier cigarettes. Acquisitions in the financial
services industry (Canada Trust) and in the health-care retail fields (Shoppers
Drug Mart/Pharmaprix) move the company toward the new economy.

Power Corp. has been surefooted in focusing on financial services - the
Investors Group and Great West Life, and getting a toehold in the new Europe
through Pargesa Holdings S.A.

These companies' credos seem to follow Beck's implied prescription. Do what you
do well. And focus on doing a good job for the engines of growth in the new
economy.

* Peter Campbell is a Toronto-based entrepreneur and special lecturer in
management at York University.


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              184 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

Maintain the growth engine of the emerging-economy

LENGTH: 983  words


By Lee Jong-Wha/Seoul


The world's emerging economies seem to be losing their dynamism. Countries that
only a few years ago were being hailed for their resilience in the face of a
global economic meltdown are now facing myriad challenges, reflected in
significantly slower GDP growth.


Is the emerging-economy growth engine breaking down?
From 2000 to 2007, annual growth in emerging and developing economies averaged
6.5%. More impressive, from 2008 to 2010, when the advanced economies were in
recession or struggling through a fragile recovery, they managed to sustain 5.5%
growth. In fact, at the end of that period, average growth stood at a very
healthy 7.5%.
But then growth began to slow, with the annual rate falling to 4% in 2015. Even
China, the largest and most dynamic emerging economy, recorded its lowest growth
rate since 1990 (6.9%) last year, and the slowdown is forecast to accelerate
this year.
Many now argue that the emerging economies are settling into a "new normal" of
slower growth, and that their days as the key driver of the global economy are
over.
Despite their current struggles, it would be premature to write off the emerging
economies. For starters, even if these countries' growth rates do not return to
pre-crisis levels, their contribution to the world economy should remain
substantial, given that their share of world GDP in purchasing-power-parity
terms has increased significantly, from 43% in 2000 to 58% in 2015.
But the emerging economies have much more to offer. With the right policies,
they can tap into as-yet-unexploited growth potential and continue their
progress toward convergence with advanced-economy income levels. The key to
determining what those policies must be is to understand why growth has slowed
in the first place.
At first, emerging economies were hit by external challenges, including
weakening world trade, low commodity prices, and tight financial conditions.
Global merchandise trade slowed considerably over the last four years; in the
first half of 2015, it contracted for the first time since 2009. Oil and metal
prices have dropped more than 50% from their 2011 peaks.
Moreover, the US Federal Reserve's monetary-policy reversal, which entails a
long-delayed increase in interest rates, combined with the
negative-interest-rate policies of the Bank of Japan and the European Central
Bank, has caused financial-market fluctuations and left emerging economies
vulnerable to capital flight. These external factors could be cyclical, but it
remains to be seen how soon they will pass. The recent emerging-economy slowdown
is also the result of structural factors. When the emerging economies' growth
stories began, the gap between their actual per capita incomes and long-run
potential enabled rapid capital accumulation and strong technology-enabled
productivity gains.
But after years of large-scale investment - which, in China in particular, has
led to excess capacity and resource misallocation - capital accumulation has
moderated.


Meanwhile, as countries move closer to the technology frontier, imitation and
adaptation must give way to genuine innovation - no easy feat when innovative
capabilities are lacking.


So what can emerging economies do to improve their prospects? Though the
particular policy mix will vary by economy, some priorities are clear.
For one thing, countries must strengthen their resilience against adverse
external shocks, including through efforts to strengthen their own financial
systems.


To reduce their vulnerability to volatile capital flows, they should promote
exchange-rate flexibility, secure adequate international reserves, and adopt
carefully designed capital controls.
Emerging economies that rely excessively on exports need to rebalance their
sources of growth toward domestic demand.


Investment in public infrastructure, an improved investment climate, and social
safety nets could all help to spur higher private-sector investment and
household expenditure.
Greater priority must also be given to structural supply-side policies targeting
productivity growth.


First, to strengthen human capital, emerging economies must complement their
progress in educational attainment with efforts to improve schools' quality,
especially at the secondary and tertiary levels.


Where necessary, education systems must be reformed to meet changing industry
demand and skill requirements.
Second, structural bottlenecks must urgently be addressed, through the
streamlining of regulations, as well as reforms to promote competition in
product markets and to increase the flexibility and efficiency of factor markets
for labour, finance and land.


Emerging economies must lower barriers to market entry, support business
operations, and increase access to finance. Obstacles to trade and foreign
direct investment must be removed as well.
Finally, emerging economies must work to strengthen their institutions. As it
stands, corruption - facilitated by complex and burdensome regulatory
environments, inefficient tax regimes, and weak judicial systems incapable of
protecting investor and property rights - is pervasive in many emerging
economies, hindering sustained growth.

Improving governance and bolstering the rule of law are essential to boosting
productivity and long-term GDP growth.
The emerging-economy growth engine is not broken; it simply needs to be
serviced. With appropriate policies and structural reforms, the emerging
economies can recapture their dynamism and move onto an even stronger growth
path - taking the entire global economy with them. - Project Syndicate

- Lee Jong-Wha is professor of economics and director of the Asiatic Research
Institute at Korea University. His most recent book, co-authored with Harvard's
Robert J Barro, is Education Matters: Global Gains from the 19th to the 21st
Century.

(Syndigate.info).

http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/8/145855465933.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 1, 2009 Wednesday

'Korea More Vulnerable to Global Financial Stress'

BYLINE: By Yoon Ja-young

LENGTH: 421 words


Staff Reporter

Korea is more vulnerable to the financial troubles from developed countries
compared with other emerging economies, a study showed.

A report titled "The Transmission of Financial Stress from Advanced to Emerging
Economies" by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) analyzed co-movement in
financial stress between emerging and advanced economies by using a new
financial stress index, Emerging Markets Financial Stress Index (EM_FSI), to
study how financial stress is transmitted from advanced to emerging economies.

"The unprecedented spike in financial stress in advanced economies elevated
stress across emerging economies above levels seen during the Asian crisis, but
with significant cross-country variation," the report said.

The study finds that in late 2008 financial stress in emerging economies was
exceptionally high and surpassed peaks seen during the 1997-98 Asian crisis.

"Higher current account and fiscal balances do little to insulate emerging
economies from the transmission of financial stress in advanced economies,
although they may help dampen the impact on the real economy," it explained.

Korea's stress index marked 0.706, higher than those of major emerging
economies, which mostly stand at between 0.4 and 0.5.

It was indeed hit by the global financial crisis, with the economic growth rate
plunging 3.4 percent in the fourth quarter last year from a year ago and marking
a more than 4 percent fall in the first quarter.

Among the 18 emerging economies, the IMF assessed that Mexico had the highest
stress figure of 0.830, followed by Peru with 0.819, South Africa with 0.803,
Pakistan at 0.771 and Hungary at 0.761. The indexes of Malaysia, Thailand and
the Philippines also hovered above 0.7, but China marked 0.662, Argentina 0.665,
Brazil, 0.649, Turkey 0.641, and Chile 0.677

Poland and Morocco were relatively little affected by the financial crisis in
developed economies, with a stress index below 0.5.

The fund concluded that financial links appear to be a key conduit of
transmission. Emerging economies with higher liabilities to advanced economies
have been more affected by financial stress in developed countries than emerging
economies that are less linked.

"Emerging economies are able to obtain some protection against financial stress
from lower current account and fiscal deficits during calm periods in advanced
economies. However, during periods of widespread financial stress in advanced
economies, the calming effects are too small to prevent stress transmission," it
added.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           January 8, 2003, Wednesday

Global economy likely to rebound in 2nd half; Central bank says worries about
U.S. attack on Iraq will prevent world economic growth

BYLINE: By Park Sang-soo Staff reporter

LENGTH: 492 words



Burdened by the threat of a breakout of hostilities between the U.S. and Iraq,
the global economy is unlikely to grow during the first half of the year, but is
expected to rebound in the second half, the Bank of Korea predicted yesterday.

In its report on the world economy in 2003, the central bank said that the three
pillars of the global economy - the U.S. economy, the euro-zone economy, and the
Japanese economy - will post growth rates higher than last year's.

The U.S. economy, an engine for global economic growth, is expected to grow at
an annualized rate of 2 percent - a high estimate - which is the same as last
year's low estimate for the U.S.'s growth rate. A planned tax cut, borrowing
costs already at a rock-bottom level and other economy-boosting measures will
help the U.S. economy resume its upward move, the central bank said.

Citing estimations by a slew of institutions, the BOK also forecast that the
euro-area economy will record a 2-percent range growth rate, also higher than
last year's estimated 0.8 percent growth, on the back of the expected recovery
of the U.S. economy and low interest rates.

The Japanese economy - currently beset by the accumulation of bad loan debts at
financial institutions and a threat of deflation - is expected to grow by around
one percent this year, as a rebounding global economy is expected to pull it out
of a decade-long economic slump. The Japanese economy is estimated to have
shrunk by 0.5 percent last year.

The Chinese economy, which outshined others last year, is also widely expected
to continue its stellar performance this year, with growth rates above 7
percent, largely due to the continued surge of foreign investments and strong
exports. Yet the assumptions will largely hinge on expectations that
international oil prices will stabilize soon after a U.S.-led war against Iraq,
the central bank said. Most institutions predict that the overall effect of a
war between the U.S. and Iraq will send shockwaves to the global economy,
drastically dampening consumer and investor sentiment.

Lehman Brothers, a U.S.-based investment bank put the chance of an outbreak of
war between the U.S. and Iraq at 65 percent, while the Center for Strategic and
International Studies (CSIS) said there was a 60 percent chance of war,
according to the central bank.

In particular, if the war lasts longer than expected, the U.S. economy could
fall into a double-dip recession, the central bank said, citing projections from
leading institutions.

The CSIS forecast that an outright victory against Iraq is expected to boost the
U.S. economy by 0.5 percentage points; however, a protracted campaign (2-3
months) could cut the U.S. economy's growth rate by 1.75 percentage points.

International oil prices could surge to $40 per barrel at the onset of the war,
but could jump to $80, if the war lasts more than three months, the center
predicted. (sam@koreaherald.co.kr)

LOAD-DATE: January 07, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2003 The Korea Herald


                              187 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 23, 1995, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Economists give Clinton passing grade

BYLINE: Mark Memmott

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 998 words


The 2-year-old Clinton administration reaches another milestone Tuesday night:
The president's annual State of the Union address.

That makes this a good week to examine the economy's performance since the
president took office. And to compare that performance with the first two years
of other administrations since World War II.

But before going further, keep this in mind: Presidents get too much blame for
the economy's short-term problems - and too much credit (Clinton excluded) for
its strengths. Most years, consumers, financial markets and the Federal Reserve
all have more influence on the economy than do presidents.

Where most presidents do have an effect is on the long-term health of the
economy. As President Reagan showed with his supply-side strategy, they can set
in motion policies that over the long run either help or hurt the economy (and
sometimes do both).

It's still fair, though, to take a look at how the economy has done the first
two years of a president's term. If the economy has fared well, that could be a
sign the president has at least followed a rule that's just as important for
economic policymakers as it is for physicians: To, as Hippocrates advised
doctors, "Do no harm."

On that score, many economists agree, Clinton deserves a passing grade, although
in their opinion he made one big mistake. When Clinton took office the economy
was growing steadily but job growth remained weak.

Since then:

-- Gross domestic product growth has remained strong, chugging along at a 3% to
4% annual rate.

-- The unemployment rate has fallen from 7.3% to 5.4% - lowest since 1990.

-- Inflation has remained remarkably low, running at a 2.7% annual rate each of
Clinton's first two years.

One thing Clinton did to help keep the economy going, most experts agree, is
commit right after taking office to reducing the federal budget deficit. As it
dawned on financial markets that he might be serious about that effort,
long-term interest rates fell to 25-year lows. Investors cheered because if the
federal government borrows less and spends more wisely, the economy should be
better off.

"The drop in interest rates," which sent home sales soaring through much of 1993
and 1994, "clearly had something to do with what markets thought of Clinton's
policies," says economist Chris Varvares at consultants Laurence Meyer
Associates.

Many economists argue the president almost did some harm, however, by proposing
a health care reform plan that was too complicated and looked - to many in the
financial markets - too expensive. "If he had gotten his way on health care
reform, that might have been a major bungle," Varvares says.

How does the economy's performance so far during Clinton's term compare with the
performance during the first two years of other administrations? Generally well.

But just as Clinton doesn't deserve all the credit for the economy's strength
the past two years, other presidents don't deserve all the credit or blame for
what happened their first two years:

-- Dwight Eisenhower was faced with an economy doomed to slide into recession
because the Korean War was winding down, reducing demand for goods and services
in the process.

-- John F. Kennedy took office just as a 10-month recession ended and the
economy was poised to boom.

-- The economy soared for Lyndon Johnson due to demand spurred by the Vietnam
War.

-- Richard Nixon watched the economy stumble into recession as U.S. involvement
in Vietnam and spending on the war began to decline.

-- Gerald Ford inherited an economy already in a deep recession.

-- Jimmy Carter took office as the economy took off, and suffered as inflation
went sky-high as well.

-- Ronald Reagan came on board just as the Federal Reserve was deciding to kill
double-digit inflation by pushing the economy into a recession.

-- And George Bush took charge as the economy was peaking and heading toward
recession.

Presidential records The economy's performance, and the federal budget deficit
as a percent of gross domestic product, the first two years of seven
administrations. Figures are for the year before each administration's start and
its first two years.

Johnson Economy: Booming because of war. GDP

1963: 5.3%

1964: 4.9%

1965: 7.6% Unemployment rate

1963: 5.5%

1964: 5.0%

1965: 4.0% Inflation rate

1963: 1.6%

1964: 1.0%

1965: 1.9%. Federal deficit

1963: 0.8%

1964: 0.9%

1965: 0.2%

Nixon Economy: Strong but headed for recession. GDP

1968: 3.9%

1969: 1.9%

1970: -0.1% Unemployment rate

1968: 3.4%

1969: 3.5%

1970: 6.1% Inflation rate

1968: 4.7%

1969: 6.2%

1970: 5.6% Federal deficit

1968: 3.0%

1969: unch.

1970: 0.3%

Ford Economy: In deepest recession since WWII GDP

1974(1): -1.9%

1975: 2.0%

1976: 3.8% Unemployment rate

1974: 5.5%

1975: 8.2%

1976: 7.8% Inflation rate

1974: 12.3%

1975: 6.9%

1976: 4.9% Federal deficit

1974: 0.4%

1975: 3.5%

1976: 4.4%

Carter Economy: Booming, but inflation high. GDP

1976: 3.8%

1977: 4.4%

1978: 6% Unemployment rate

1976: 7.8%

1977: 6.4%

1978: 6% Inflation rate

1976: 4.9%

1977: 6.7%

1978: 9.0% Federal deficit

1976: 4.4%

1977: 2.8%

1978: 2.7%

Reagan Economy: Out of recession, inflation high GDP

1980: -0.2%

1981: -0.1%

1982: -1.1% Unemployment rate

1980: 7.2%

1981: 8.5%

1982: 10.8% Inflation rate

1980: 12.5%

1981: 8.9%

1982: 3.8% Federal deficit

1980: 2.8%

1981: 2.7%

1982: 4.1%

Bush Economy: Slowing after record peacetime expansion GDP

1988: 3.3%

1989: 1.6%

1990: 0.2% Unemployment rate

1988: 5.3%

1989: 5.4%

1990: 6.2% Inflation rate

1988: 4.4%

1989: 4.6%

1990: 6.1% Federal deficit

1988: 3.2%

1989: 2.9%

1990: 4.0%

Clinton Economy: Improving, weak jobs growth GDP

1992: 3.7%

1993: 3.1%

1994: 4% Unemployment rate

1992: 7.3%

1993: 6.4%

1994: 5.4% Inflation rate

1992: 2.9%

1993: 2.7%

1994: 2.7% Federal deficit

1992: 4.9%

1993: 4.0%

1994: 3.0%

1 - Gerald Ford assumed office in mid-1974 2 - Estimate

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Cliff Vancura, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY research
(Chart); PHOTO, color, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY; PHOTOS, b/w, AP (2); PHOTO,
b/w, Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY; PHOTO, b/w, Matt Mendelsohn, USA TODAY; PHOTO,
b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY; PHOTO, b/w, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY; PHOTO,
b/w, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY

THE ECONOMY; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              188 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 1, 1996, Monday, Late Edition - Final

POLITICS: THE ECONOMY;
Can the President Capitalize On the Economy's Strength?

BYLINE: By DAVID E. ROSENBAUM

SECTION: Section B;   Page 8;   Column 5;   National Desk

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 31


The conventional wisdom in American politics is that a strong economy greatly
helps incumbents, especially incumbent Presidents, and that a weak economy hurts
them badly.

Some academics have gone so far as to quantify the point. Michael S. Lewis-Beck,
a politicial scientist at the University of Iowa, has shown that almost every
time since World War II that the unemployment rate was falling in the second
quarter of an election year, the incumbent's party won the Presidency in
November. Ray C. Fair, an economist at Yale, has found that the percentage of
the popular vote a Presidential candidate receives can be explained by a formula
that measures the rate of inflation, the overall rate of economic growth and the
number of calendar quarters in a Presidency in which the economy has been
particularly strong.

But many believe that the old rules about voters and the economy may not apply.
One reason is that the economy today is so mixed.

On the one hand, unemployment and inflation are extraordinarily low. Fears of
recession have faded. Business investment and exports are strong. And the stock
market seems to break new ceilings weekly.

On the other hand, the pace of economic growth is excruciatingly slow, wages and
family income are flat and the degree of public anxiety about layoffs is
unusually high.

But there is another, perhaps more important reason that the economy may not be
the central force this year that it has been in past Presidential elections, and
it is an anomaly that political analysts are just beginning to discuss. The
public seems to be giving President Clinton little credit for his economic
accomplishments and little blame for the economy's shortcomings.

When the economy was strong under Ronald Reagan and George Bush, The New York
Times/CBS News polls show, the public gave the Presidents credit. When the
economy was weak, their poll ratings plunged.

But in the last two years, while the polls have consistently shown that most
people believe the economy is relatively strong, not once has a majority
approved of the way Mr. Clinton is handling the economy.

Why that should be the case is a matter of some dispute.

Lloyd Bentsen, who was Treasury Secretary in the first two years of the Clinton
Administration and who now practices law in Houston, said the fault lay with Mr.
Clinton's staff and Cabinet. "They don't talk about it enough," Mr. Bentsen
said. "They have to be out there selling the jobs that have been created and the
other accomplishments, and they're not doing that."

Prof. Charles O. Jones, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin who
specializes in Presidents, said that to the contrary, the fault was Mr.
Clinton's for not taking personal responsibility for the economy, or, for that
matter, much else.

"You never have a feeling that this is the guy who's in charge," Professor Jones
said. "If he is not projecting an image of being in control, then why should
people give him any credit or any blame?"

Professor Lewis-Beck at the Univeristy of Iowa agreed with this assessment and
said his models for forecasting the outcome of elections based on economic
factors might no longer be valid if the public no longer sees the President as
the central figure in the Government.

Geoffrey Garin, a Democratic pollster, said the biggest difference in this
respect between Mr. Reagan and Mr. Clinton was that Mr. Reagan articulated a
direct relationship between his actions and how the economy responded, while Mr.
Clinton had never managed to do this.

"Reagan would talk about how he disciplined Government, how he cut taxes, so
there was a story in people's head about why he deserved the credit," Mr. Garin
said. "This Administration says they reduced the deficit, which led to lower
interest rates, and they opened up foreign markets, but they never establish a
cause and effect between this and the state of the economy."

On the White House staff and among Mr. Clinton's political advisers, the
question of how he should deal with the economy is a matter of the highest order
and one that has not been fully resolved.

Before the days of overarching budget deficits, Presidents could prime the
economic pump in election years, distributing new programs here and new projects
there, and people could see the connection between Government action and the
economy. But this is not a luxury President Clinton can afford.

Gene Sperling, an economic adviser in the White House, put the situation this
way: "In the economy we inherited -- high deficits, slow job growth and a
stop-and-go economy -- the improvements we could make in the economy are fairly
substantial but fairly subtle."

Mr. Sperling said the economy would "definitely be a plus" for Mr. Clinton in
the fall campaign, but that too presents a problem.

This time four years ago, when the economy was struggling out of a recession,
Mr. Bush maintained that the economy was strong, and Mr. Clinton told strapped
voters that he felt their pain.

So what does the President say this year? If he stresses the strength of the
economy, he risks seeming insensitive, a trap that may have cost Mr. Bush the
election. But if he paints the economy as weak, then voters have every right to
ask why he has not fixed the problem.

In his recent speeches, he has emphasized how the two biggest promises on the
economy he made in his campaign four years ago have been fulfilled: eight
million jobs have been created, and the budget deficit has been cut in half, to
an estimated $140 billion this year from $290 billion in 1992.

But then he quickly says that much more needs to be done. For example, in a
speech to the Ohio Democratic Party in Columbus last weekend, the President
said: "This is a record to build on, not to stand on. We have to meet the
challenges of all those Americans out there who do not feel strong and certain
about the future."

It is a delicate dance, because so many Americans do not feel strong about the
future. The latest New York Times/CBS News poll found that twice as many (29
percent) felt the economy was getting worse as felt it was getting better (14
percent), while 55 percent believed the economy was staying about the same.

"At least he has avoided one hit," Senator Bill Bradley, the New Jersey
Democrat, said of Mr. Clinton, referring to the favorable unemployment and
inflation numbers.

"Whether he can turn that to his advantage," the Senator added, "is quite a
different matter."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              189 of 994 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2004 Fordham University School of Law
                       Fordham International Law Journal

                                 February, 2004

                           27 Fordham Int'l L.J. 899

LENGTH: 4037 words

CARIBBEAN PERSPECTIVE: THE FREE TRADE AREA OF THE AMERICAS AND SMALLER ECONOMIES

NAME: The Most Honourable P.J. Patterson*

BIO: * Prime Minister of Jamaica, ON, PC, QC, MP; LL.B, London School of
Economics (1963); B.A. (Hons.), University of the West Indies, Mona Campus
(1958). Prime Minister Patterson is currently serving a fourth term as Jamaica's
Prime Minister.

TEXT:
 [*899]

   INTRODUCTION

 The Free Trade Area of the Americas ("FTAA") is a regional trade agreement
being negotiated by all countries of the Western hemisphere except Cuba. n1 It
was conceived by Heads of State and Governments of thirty-four countries at the
First Summit of the Americas in Miami, Florida, in 1994. At that Summit, we
agreed that "free trade and increased economic integration are key factors for
raising standards of living, improving the working conditions of people in the
Americas and better protecting the environment." n2 It was envisioned that this
free trade area, encompassing these thirty-four democratic countries of the
Americas, would be constructed in a manner to provide the hemisphere with trade
rules that are clear, equitable, and fair. To this end, we directed our
respective Ministers Responsible for Trade to begin negotiations for the FTAA,
stipulating that "the FTAA Agreement will be balanced, comprehensive,
WTO-consistent and constitute a single undertaking." n3

   From the earliest stages of the negotiating process, it was recognized that
smaller economies would require special consideration. This was reflected in the
Declaration of the First Summit in which Heads of State and governments called
for opportunities for technical assistance to facilitate the integration of
smaller economies and to increase their level of development. n4 It was
reiterated at the Second Summit, which accepted that special attention would be
given to the most vulnerable countries. n5

    [*900]  This commitment to hemispheric integration was renewed at the Third
Summit of the Americas where Heads of State and Governments declared our
determination to "meet the challenges inherent in the differences in size and
levels of social, economic and institutional development in our countries and
our region." n6 This declaration was driven by the early insistence of the
countries of the Caribbean Community that an agreement that sought to bring
together some of the world's most powerful trading Nations with some of its
smallest and most vulnerable, could only succeed if it addressed the differences
in size and development, and their implications for successful integration into
the prospective FTAA. n7

   The attention paid to the issue of smaller economies by the Caribbean
Community in particular is part of its positive and practical response to the
prospects for trade and development that the FTAA can bring. A well structured
FTAA, encompassing a market of 800 million persons and combined GDP in excess of
U.S.$ 12 trillion, can and must deliver benefits to all the inhabitants of the
hemisphere.

   In enabling goods and services to flow more easily throughout the hemisphere,
the FTAA can contribute to economic growth and job creation by fostering greater
market access and investment flows. It will enable more competitive businesses
and better access to quality goods for the hemisphere's consumers and it will,
over time, contribute to stronger economies, collectively and individually,
across the region.

   Although the FTAA promises growth and development it still poses real
challenges, and demands some difficult decisions when attempting to achieve its
intended goal of promoting stronger, more dynamic trade, and economic growth in
this hemisphere. The concerns are greatest for the smaller and more vulnerable
economies. They face the prospect of revenue loss through tariff reduction, job
losses through consolidation of production centers in more powerful territories,
and the demise of marginal and weak producers. It is for these reasons that
attention  [*901]  to the status of smaller economies is essential in the FTAA.

   THE IMPORTANCE OF SMALLER ECONOMIES IN GLOBAL TRADE

 The attention paid to smaller economies within the FTAA cannot be limited only
to the Free Trade Agreement. Smaller economies struggle within a global system
that is often hostile to their demands and considers their role and their
interest inconsequential. This has to change in order to level the global
playing field and create a truly fair trading system. Currently, as the UN
Development Report 2002 recognizes, "trade rules consistently work against
products from developing countries ... and fail to restrain protectionist abuse
in industrial countries. Industrial countries provide US$ 1 billion a day in
domestic agricultural subsidies - more than six times what they spend on
official development assistance for developing countries." n8 Jamaica and other
small economies with limited budget and pressing social demands are unable to
provide subsidies and other advantageous support schemes for producers that
larger more developed countries offer their own.

   The explicit recognition of smaller economies within the FTAA makes this
negotiation more conducive to meeting the needs of these categories of
countries. In comparison, although the World Trade Organization ("WTO") has
established a Work Programme to review the special situation of smaller
economies, n9 it remains constrained by the expressed decision, "not to create a
sub-category of WTO members," n10 and a lack of momentum in the WTO negotiations
as a whole. The recent failure of the WTO Fifth Ministerial Meeting in Cancun to
achieve consensus was due in large measure to the scant regard paid to issues of
significant importance to developing countries including those confronting
smaller economies. n11

    [*902]  Small developing economies face unique problems related to
diseconomies of scale, limited size of domestic markets, higher production
costs, dependence on preferential market access, and high dependence on tariffs
which warrant serious consideration and action that will facilitate their fuller
integration into the multilateral trading system. Without measures to address
their particular concerns and to provide them with stable market access which
can enable strong export earnings, the security of these economies will be at
risk.

   Bearing this in mind, Jamaica, together with her Caribbean Community
("CARICOM") partners n12 and other small economies and sympathetic countries,
have sought to influence trade negotiations to address these concerns. In its
Declaration to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference, CARICOM called on members
of the WTO to recognize that the particular structural disadvantages and
vulnerabilities of small developing economies,



    in particular Small Island Developing States (SIDS), must be taken into
account in the formulation and application of multilateral trade rules as well
as in the liberalisation undertakings required of these countries, in order to
avoid their further loss of market share and possible de-industrialisation. n13




   SMALLER ECONOMIES AND THE FTAA

 It is in the FTAA process that efforts to recognize and address the special
concerns of smaller economies are most advanced and hopefully this will help
create a model for dealing with the issue in other fora.

   While work has been ongoing on the broad issues identified to be of concern
to smaller economies, the FTAA has yet to reach agreement on a definition of
smaller economies. The Western hemisphere is a collection of countries of
economic, social and geographical diversity. For example, the largest economy in
terms of population is more than 6,000 times more populous than the smallest;
n14 and the five largest countries account  [*903]  for 96% of the hemisphere's
GDP. n15 When these factors are taken into account and it is considered that in
the region there are countries which are large in terms of land mass and
population, but in economic terms their GDP per capita is less than other
countries with much smaller acreage and population, the challenges posed in
coming to a precise definition of smaller economies is apparent. Beyond these
strictly economic and geographical factors, some quarters believe that a
definition of smaller economies should also relate to the two elements of
vulnerability and dependence.

   This would add to the consideration of problems faced by smaller economies,
the issue of vulnerability not only to the economic policies and trade measures
of their larger neighbors and trade partners, but also to hurricanes, floods,
and disease. The negotiations must, therefore, address the situation of
import-dependent smaller economies, which rely heavily on other countries for
vital goods and services.

   For small economies, a single catastrophic event, e.g., an economic, social,
or natural disaster, can have a significant negative impact on the entire
country. Dislocations in one area of the economy can have a proportionately
larger impact on a small economy than on a larger, more diversified one. n16
This is the essence of the vulnerability and dependence that defines smaller
economies. Recent examples of this phenomena include the WTO banana dispute and
the visible effect of the decision on social and economic conditions of some
small CARICOM States, n17 as well as the effect of a volcanic eruption in
Montserrat, which all but brought life on the island to a halt, unlike similar
volcanic activity in larger hemispheric neighbors. n18 It is therefore important
to advance the dialogue on  [*904]  smaller economies in a manner that allows
all these factors to be taken properly into account.

   In order to minimize the negative effects of far reaching trade
liberalization, the recognition of the vulnerability of smaller economies must
translate into commitments to cushion certain effects of an FTAA on these
economies. This would allow effective adjustment to the challenges that a more
liberal hemispheric trading system will bring, and position those economies to
grow and prosper from the FTAA process. It is critical that the FTAA provides
tangible and effective measures for addressing the concerns of smaller economies
in all aspects of these negotiations.

   So far the FTAA is yet to translate its commitment towards smaller economies
into tangible arrangements in keeping with the Ministerial Declaration that the
negotiations "shall take into account the differences in the levels of
development and size of economies." n19 This over-arching principle of the FTAA
which is welcomed, awaits further specific, tangible, and meaningful measures
for the benefit of the smaller economies. The decision which allowed CARICOM
countries to use WTO bound rates for certain agricultural goods, n20 and the
presentation of offers of special market access conditions to some smaller
economies in the FTAA, n21 are encouraging steps in this direction.

   At the institutional level, the response of the FTAA process to the push for
inclusion of the concept of small economies in its work was addressed initially
through the establishment of a Work Programme on smaller economies. n22 This was
changed and issues relating to smaller economies are now being addressed through
the Consultative Group on Smaller Economies ("CGSE"). n23 The CGSE has been
established to monitor and assess  [*905]  the success of the various
negotiating groups in fulfilling their respective mandate with regard to smaller
economies. n24 It receives on a consistent basis, updates from negotiating
groups on the treatment of smaller economy concerns in the ongoing negotiations.

   The CGSE has also been given the responsibility for the Hemispheric
Cooperation Programme ("HCP"). The HCP was approved by Ministers in Quito,
Ecuador at the Seventh Ministerial Meeting in 2002, which recognized that moving
to elaborate and implement the HCP is of great importance to the FTAA process.
n25 They recognized that it is important that the participating countries move
quickly to enable smaller economies needing support, to strengthen their
capacities and facilitate more effective participation in the negotiations. This
process will also facilitate their implementation of the trade commitments
undertaken, and will ultimately help them address the challenging process of
adjusting to the demands of a liberalized hemispheric trading system.

   The CGSE has taken steps to mobilize national and sub-regional inputs into
capacity building and adjustment strategies, and to coordinate with
international financial institutions and other donor entities. These initial
steps are welcome and are geared towards meeting the needs of negotiating
countries in both financial and technical terms. The inclusion of the private
sector and other social partners in the process is a further positive step.

   For smaller economies, the erosion of preferential treatment in the face of
liberalization is a stark reality with which they must contend. Smaller
economies will require responsive measures to facilitate the transition from
preferential arrangement to full reciprocity. Failure to do so could subject
vital sectors of their economies to unbearable shocks. Addressing the revenue
implications of tariff reduction in small economies is another major challenge
confronting policy planners and the negotiating process.

   Trade taxes as a percentage of government revenue in certain  [*906]
hemispheric countries is quite significant. Twelve CARICOM countries, among
nineteen in the region, rely on trade tariffs for over 15% of their revenue. n26
The CARICOM range is from 55.1% at the highest level to 8.7% at the lowest with
only one country below 10%. n27 Jamaica, for example, obtains 23.6% of its
revenue from tariffs.

   Lowering tariffs leads to a loss of revenue which for smaller economies is
often difficult to offset. Addressing this difficult issue of lost revenue from
tariff reduction must be accorded highest priority in the negotiations and the
steps being taken to deal with the trade adjustment process. Effective
strategies must be devised so that smaller economies will be afforded the
opportunity to adopt the appropriate measures to facilitate their integration
into the hemispheric trading system.

   For smaller economies, the capacity (financial, human, and institutional) to
adjust is not as readily available as in larger, more developed countries.
Adjustment costs are likely to be a significantly larger percentage of the GNP
for smaller economies compared to other much larger countries. This must be
recognized by our negotiating partners who will have to address the need for
transitional measures to mitigate the cost of adjustment in smaller economies.
Flexibility in the implementation of certain rules and disciplines, such as
differentiated time frames for the application of rules in specific areas, will
be among the required adjustment measures. Technical support for both national
and sub-regional institutions to enhance their capacity to undertake necessary
implementation requirements, will be critical.

   Recognizing the financial challenges associated with the adjustment process,
CARICOM, along with other countries, are also pushing for a Regional Integration
Fund to be established in addition to the HCP. It is expected that this would
address the special circumstances of smaller economies and include specific
measures to deal with the difficulties arising from intensive liberalization,
such as revenue loss, enterprise failures, and massive job losses. This is vital
for smaller economies, which are heavily dependent on tax revenue for budgetary
allocation and  [*907]  have fewer industries to sustain their economies and
provide jobs and services. Enterprise failure in these circumstances can have a
far more serious effect on the economies of smaller economies for this reason,
than it would for large economies with their stronger and more diversified
enterprise structures which can better withstand such shocks.

   While some of the more industrialized countries of the hemisphere have been
reluctant to consider the issue of financial support for the integration of
small economies into the FTAA, CARICOM will continue to insist that free trade
on its own is not a guarantee for economic development. It must be supported by
a judicious mix of financial technical and institutional support that is
designed to help forestall the potentially harmful aspects of the liberalization
process and also help these economies to position themselves to gain optimal
benefits from liberalization.

   It has become obvious that the well touted benefits of liberalization - i.e.,
that it will free enterprise to take advantage of economic opportunities and
drive economic development and growth - is more the exception than the rule.
This model has not met with remarkable success in the developing world in
general, and in particular, for smaller developing economies including those in
the Caribbean. A regional academic has emphasized that "the prevailing economic
theory which fails to distinguish between categories of markets, leading to a
'generic' or 'one-size-fits-all' prescription compounds the Caribbean problem."
n28

   PREPARING FOR THE FTAA AT THE REGIONAL LEVEL

 The future of the Caribbean and all smaller economies lies in the strengthening
of our economies. Within CARICOM, the establishment of the CSME is the main
response to this imperative. The need to deepen the economic integration of the
region was one of the pillars of the decision of Heads of Government to create
the CSME in 1989. The Heads of Government expressed this in the declaration
which states: "with the CSME creating a single larger economic space within
CARICOM the  [*908]  foundation is being held for enhancing intra regional trade
and strengthening the collective capacity to expand extra regional trade through
alliances and joint ventures and consolidation of enterprises in the region."

   The benefits to be gained from the CSME enhance the chances for successful
integration into larger regional trade blocs. With one economic space, the free
movement of capital will allow firms to have access to a wide market for
accessing capital at more competitive rates thereby increasing the
competitiveness of our productive sectors. Furthermore, the value of increased
facilities intra-regional investment and facilitation of business activities
cannot be underestimated.

   CARICOM Heads of Government have resolved to continue the Region's
involvement in the FTAA process on conditions which take due account of the
capacity limitations of CARICOM Member States as small economies to meet
deadlines and engage in liberalization commitments. It is imperative that the
world community and in particular our regional partners recognize those
principles which will ensure that the trade architecture brings meaningful
benefits for all.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawPooling & UnitizationJoint Operating AgreementsInsurance
LawProperty InsuranceCoverageHurricanes & TornadoesInternational Trade
LawGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Free Trade Area of the Americas, Overview, at http://www.alca-ftaa.org
(last visited Jan. 20, 2004).





n2.  First Summit of the Americas: Declaration of Principles, Miami, Florida,
Dec. 11, 1994, reprinted in 34 I.L.M. 810, 811 (1995) [hereinafter Miami
Declaration].





n3.  Second Summit of the Americas: Declaration of Santiago, Santiago, Chile,
Apr. 18-19, 1998, reprinted in 37 I.L.M. 947, 951 (1998) [hereinafter Santiago
Declaration].





n4.  See Miami Declaration, supra note 2, 34 I.L.M. at 812.





n5.  See Santiago Declaration, supra note 3, 37 I.L.M. at 950.





n6.  Third Summit of the Americas: Declaration of Principles, Quebec City,
Canada, Apr. 20-22, 2001, P 3, available at
http://www.ftaa-alca.org/Summits/Quebec/declara e.asp [hereinafter Quebec
Declaration].





n7.  Hon. Lester B. Bird, Creating Prosperity, Speech at the Second Plenary
Session of the Third Summit of the Americas, Quebec City, Canada (Apr. 20-22,
2001), available at http://www.caricom.org/speeches/3summitamericas-bird2.htm.





n8.  United Nations Development Program, Human Development Report 33 (2002),
available at http://hdr.undp.org/reports/global/2002/en.





n9.  See Doha WTO Ministerial 2001: Ministerial Declaration, WT/MIN(01)/DEC/1, P
3, Nov. 20, 2001, available at http://www.wto.org/english/thewto e/minist
e/min01 e/mindecl e.htm [hereinafter Doha Declaration].





n10.  Id. at P 35.





n11.  See Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference, available at
http://www.wto.org/english/thewto e/minist e/min03 e/min03 e.htm.





n12.  See Caricom Members & Associates Members, at
http://www.caricom.org/members. htm (listing and providing basic facts on Member
States).





n13.  CARICOM Declaration to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference, available at
http://www.wto.org/english/thewto e/minist e/min03 e/statements e/st110.pdf
(last visited Feb. 12, 2004).





n14.  See Richard Bernal, The Integration of Small Economies in the Free Trade
Area of the Americas, CSIS Americas Program, at 3 (Feb. 2, 1998), available at
http://www.csis.org/americas/pubs/ppBernalFTAA.pdf (last visited Feb. 12, 2004).







n15.  See id. at 4.





n16.  Miguel Rodriguez Mendoza, Trade Rules in the Making: Challenges in the
Regional and Multilateral Negotiations Part II (1999).







n17.  See Michelle Williams, Caribbean Shiprider Agreements: Sunk by Banana
Trade War?, 31 U. Miami Inter-Am. L. Rev. 163, 180 (2000). See also Zsolt K.
Bessko, Going Bananas over EEC Preferences?: A Look at the Banana Trade War and
the WTO's Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of
Disputes, 28 Case W. Res. J. Int'l L. 265, 302 (1996).





n18.  See Selwyn Walter, Montserrat in Crisis, Antigua Daily Observer, para. 21,
Nov. 1, 1996, available at http://www.monterratreporter.org/news11-1.htm.







n19.  See Santiago Declaration, supra note 3, 37 I.L.M. at 965.





n20.  CARICOM Nations to Get Special Treatment on Tarriffs in FTAA, 22(35)
Washington Tariff & Trade Letter, Sept. 9, 2002, available at
http://www.wttlonline.com/2002/22 35.html.







n21.  See FTAA Trade Negotiations Committee, Report of the Trade Negotiations
Committee on the Results of the Progress Achieved in Relation to the Treatment
of the Differences in the Levels of Development and Size of Economies in Each of
the Negotiating Groups, FTAA.TNC/27, available at
http://www.ftaa-alca.org/TNC/tn27 e.asp.







n22.  See Doha Declaration, supra note 9, at P 35.





n23.  Summit of the Americas: Fourth Trade Ministerial Joint Declaration, San
Jose, Costa Rica, Mar. 19, 1998, at P 13, available at
http://www.ftaa-alca.org/Ministerials/SanJose/SanJose e.asp.





n24.  Id.





n25.  Free Trade Area of the Americas: Seventh Trade Ministerial Meeting,
Declaration of Ministers, Quito, Ecuador, Nov. 1, 2002, available at
http://www.ftaa-alca.org/ministerials/quito/minist e.asp [hereinafter
Ministerial Declaration of Quito].





n26.  Caricom's Trade-In Services, 1990-2000, available at
http://unstats.un.org/unsd/tradeserv/docs/Caricom-trade-in-services-2000.pdf
(last visited Feb. 21, 2004).





n27.  Id.





n28.  Anthony T. Bryan, So Many Windmills-The Caribbean's Globalisation
Backlash, Caribbean Investor, Apr. 3, 2003, available at
http://caribbeaninvestor.com/printarticle. shtml?browser
query=particle&field=2492.


                              190 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Opportunities drive entrepreneurs

BYLINE: MIKE HERRINGTON

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 1413  words


Opportunities drive entrepreneurs

Government should smooth way for business, writes

MOST people believe that entrepreneurs in less- developed economies, such as
those in Africa and Latin America, only start their own businesses because they
have no other options and are desperate to earn a living for themselves and
their families. But according to the latest Global Entrepreneurship Monitor
(GEM) research, this is not true.

Entrepreneurial opportunities of all types exist in every part of the world, and
while opportunities may be diverse in different economic contexts, there are
ambitious entrepreneurs everywhere with the aspirations to pursue them.

In Africa's economies (termed factor- and efficiency-driven economies by the
Global Competitiveness index to describe levels of complexity), 69% of
entrepreneurs report they are pursuing an opportunity, rather than that they
have no choice. They aren't far behind more complex, innovation-driven
economies, such as Europe, Taiwan, Canada, South Korea and the US, at 78%.

The 2015/16 GEM Global Report, featuring data from 62 economies across five
world regions, asks entrepreneurs if they set out to improve their situation,
either through increased independence or through increased income.

GEM calls them improvement-driven opportunity entrepreneurs.

In Botswana, the country with the lowest proportion of such entrepreneurs, there
is on average 1.5 times as many improvement-driven entrepreneurs as there are
necessity-driven entrepreneurs. The best performing world economy in this regard
is the US, with 3.4 times as many improvement-driven opportunity entrepreneurs
as there are necessity-motivated entrepreneurs. In SA the ratio is 2:1.

Of concern is the finding that women are still nearly one-third more likely than
men to start businesses out of necessity. In the factor-driven economies of
Burkina Faso, Botswana and Senegal, 32% of women are necessity-driven
entrepreneurs compared to 24% of men, while in SA (an efficiency-driven economy)
the comparison of necessity-based women entrepreneurs to men is 33% to 28%.

The gender gap in innovation-driven economies is narrower - 19% of women start
businesses out of necessity, compared to 17% of men.

Another area in which the difference between the innovation and factor- and
efficiency-driven economies is visible is in the types of businesses people
pursue. Nearly half or more of entrepreneurs in efficiency-driven economies
operate wholesale or retail businesses, while in innovation-driven economies,
entrepreneurs are drawn more to opportunities in information and communications,
financial, professional, health, education and other services industries. Not
surprisingly, because they are operating in an economy in which there are more
opportunities and better infrastructure, entrepreneurs in innovation-driven
economies are also much more likely to be innovative. Given the unique value
they offer, the businesses these entrepreneurs start are often more sustainable
and likely to have a high economic and social effect.

GEM research suggests this discrepancy could be explained by a lack of advanced
education among entrepreneurs found in less developed economies - operating
wholesale or retail businesses generally requires lower skill levels and
typically has fewer barriers to entry.

ANOTHER myth-busting finding of the latest GEM report is that innovation-driven
economies, on average, have a higher proportion of nonemployer entrepreneurs -
they employ only themselves in their business. At the regional level, Africa has
the smallest proportion of nonemployer entrepreneurs on average.

More than two-thirds of entrepreneurs surveyed say they intend to add one or
more jobs to their economies, in addition to employing themselves.

This employment data shows the critical importance of entrepreneurs for future
employment and economic development, particularly in the factor and
efficiency-driven economies, where unemployment is high. By contrast, just 55%
of entrepreneurs in innovation-driven economies expect to add one or more jobs
to their economy in the next five years.

The reasons for this discrepancy could include that sophisticated technology and
communications in innovation-driven economies may allow entrepreneurs to operate
on their own, with a virtual network, and that in the less-developed economies,
it may be easier to hire people who have fewer job alternatives and where the
labour laws are less pedantic.

Many entrepreneurs in less-developed economies cite complicated regulatory
systems and bureaucracy as a leading cause of business discontinuance. The
problem is particularly severe in SA, where entrepreneurs are four times more
likely to exit business due to bureaucracy compared to Botswana, Senegal and
Burkina Faso.

While entrepreneurs globally are almost equally optimistic about starting a
business to pursue an opportunity, and equally sure they have the skills and
attitudes to do so, entrepreneurs in less-developed economies are much less
likely to be innovative and much more likely to exit businesses. In
factor-driven economies, 8% of entrepreneurs stated they discontinued a business
in the past year, 5% in efficiency-driven economies, but only 3% in
innovation-driven economies.

The study provides clear guidelines as to what needs to change to provide
improved support for entrepreneurs in factor and efficiency-driven economies.

These economies need to get a few fundamentals right if they are to attract
increasing numbers of opportunity-driven entrepreneurs and assist in nurturing
their start-ups into mature businesses.

The first is to make it easier for new businesses to register and operate by
cutting costs and reducing the regulatory burden, as has been done successfully
in Chile and the UK. Policies, legislation and bylaws should be subject to
regulatory impact assessment before being passed, similar to what the European
Union defined as a Think Small First principle.

The innovation capabilities of factor-driven and efficiency-driven economies can
be further developed by advancing government or private research laboratories,
partnerships between multinationals and universities, and improving the ability
to commercialise solutions based on technological innovations.

One of the main reasons cited for exiting a business in Africa is the lack of
finance. These economies need urgently to improve mechanisms for moving the
funding of smaller businesses away from asset-based criteria to models that are
more accessible for entrepreneurs who may not have the collateral required by
most banks.

The report shows people younger than 44 are by far the most active in the
entrepreneurial space - but first grassroots skills gaps must be tackled by
establishing training centres for artisan and information and communications
technology skills, and setting up incubators that are easily accessible for
young potential entrepreneurs.

IT SHOULD include the improvement of information and communications technology
infrastructure in areas beyond city borders so entrepreneurs have the
cost-effective internet and reliable connectivity that is critical for people to
create employment for themselves. Of equal importance is promoting
entrepreneurship in high value-added industries. In factor-driven economies,
more early-stage businesses start in the retail and services industry, where
fewer skills are needed and the barriers to entry are low.

Policy makers and practitioners should assess the environment and encourage
entrepreneurs to go into industries that match the strengths of an economy or
region, and tackle the future direction of manufacturing and other high-growth
industries. Entrepreneurship continues to grow in credibility globally as an
economic force for attending to social and economic challenges. With more than
two-thirds of adults around the world expressing positive entrepreneurial
intentions, it represents a large untapped source for development. If more
governments support entrepreneurs, an entrepreneurial world can be built that
will be more robust and sustainable for all.

& 8226;Herrington is the executive director of GEM.

Many entrepreneurs in less-developed economies cite complicated regulatory
systems and bureaucracy as a leading cause of business discontinuance. The
problem is particularly severe in SA

Most entrepreneurs in Africa start businesses because they are pursuing
opportunities, as opposed to doing so out of necessity, the writer says.
Picture: MARIANNE SCHWANKHART

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Opportunities drive entrepreneurs

BYLINE: MIKE HERRINGTON

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 1413  words


Opportunities drive entrepreneurs

Government should smooth way for business, writes

MOST people believe that entrepreneurs in less- developed economies, such as
those in Africa and Latin America, only start their own businesses because they
have no other options and are desperate to earn a living for themselves and
their families. But according to the latest Global Entrepreneurship Monitor
(GEM) research, this is not true.

Entrepreneurial opportunities of all types exist in every part of the world, and
while opportunities may be diverse in different economic contexts, there are
ambitious entrepreneurs everywhere with the aspirations to pursue them.

In Africa's economies (termed factor- and efficiency-driven economies by the
Global Competitiveness index to describe levels of complexity), 69% of
entrepreneurs report they are pursuing an opportunity, rather than that they
have no choice. They aren't far behind more complex, innovation-driven
economies, such as Europe, Taiwan, Canada, South Korea and the US, at 78%.

The 2015/16 GEM Global Report, featuring data from 62 economies across five
world regions, asks entrepreneurs if they set out to improve their situation,
either through increased independence or through increased income.

GEM calls them improvement-driven opportunity entrepreneurs.

In Botswana, the country with the lowest proportion of such entrepreneurs, there
is on average 1.5 times as many improvement-driven entrepreneurs as there are
necessity-driven entrepreneurs. The best performing world economy in this regard
is the US, with 3.4 times as many improvement-driven opportunity entrepreneurs
as there are necessity-motivated entrepreneurs. In SA the ratio is 2:1.

Of concern is the finding that women are still nearly one-third more likely than
men to start businesses out of necessity. In the factor-driven economies of
Burkina Faso, Botswana and Senegal, 32% of women are necessity-driven
entrepreneurs compared to 24% of men, while in SA (an efficiency-driven economy)
the comparison of necessity-based women entrepreneurs to men is 33% to 28%.

The gender gap in innovation-driven economies is narrower - 19% of women start
businesses out of necessity, compared to 17% of men.

Another area in which the difference between the innovation and factor- and
efficiency-driven economies is visible is in the types of businesses people
pursue. Nearly half or more of entrepreneurs in efficiency-driven economies
operate wholesale or retail businesses, while in innovation-driven economies,
entrepreneurs are drawn more to opportunities in information and communications,
financial, professional, health, education and other services industries. Not
surprisingly, because they are operating in an economy in which there are more
opportunities and better infrastructure, entrepreneurs in innovation-driven
economies are also much more likely to be innovative. Given the unique value
they offer, the businesses these entrepreneurs start are often more sustainable
and likely to have a high economic and social effect.

GEM research suggests this discrepancy could be explained by a lack of advanced
education among entrepreneurs found in less developed economies - operating
wholesale or retail businesses generally requires lower skill levels and
typically has fewer barriers to entry.

ANOTHER myth-busting finding of the latest GEM report is that innovation-driven
economies, on average, have a higher proportion of nonemployer entrepreneurs -
they employ only themselves in their business. At the regional level, Africa has
the smallest proportion of nonemployer entrepreneurs on average.

More than two-thirds of entrepreneurs surveyed say they intend to add one or
more jobs to their economies, in addition to employing themselves.

This employment data shows the critical importance of entrepreneurs for future
employment and economic development, particularly in the factor and
efficiency-driven economies, where unemployment is high. By contrast, just 55%
of entrepreneurs in innovation-driven economies expect to add one or more jobs
to their economy in the next five years.

The reasons for this discrepancy could include that sophisticated technology and
communications in innovation-driven economies may allow entrepreneurs to operate
on their own, with a virtual network, and that in the less-developed economies,
it may be easier to hire people who have fewer job alternatives and where the
labour laws are less pedantic.

Many entrepreneurs in less-developed economies cite complicated regulatory
systems and bureaucracy as a leading cause of business discontinuance. The
problem is particularly severe in SA, where entrepreneurs are four times more
likely to exit business due to bureaucracy compared to Botswana, Senegal and
Burkina Faso.

While entrepreneurs globally are almost equally optimistic about starting a
business to pursue an opportunity, and equally sure they have the skills and
attitudes to do so, entrepreneurs in less-developed economies are much less
likely to be innovative and much more likely to exit businesses. In
factor-driven economies, 8% of entrepreneurs stated they discontinued a business
in the past year, 5% in efficiency-driven economies, but only 3% in
innovation-driven economies.

The study provides clear guidelines as to what needs to change to provide
improved support for entrepreneurs in factor and efficiency-driven economies.

These economies need to get a few fundamentals right if they are to attract
increasing numbers of opportunity-driven entrepreneurs and assist in nurturing
their start-ups into mature businesses.

The first is to make it easier for new businesses to register and operate by
cutting costs and reducing the regulatory burden, as has been done successfully
in Chile and the UK. Policies, legislation and bylaws should be subject to
regulatory impact assessment before being passed, similar to what the European
Union defined as a Think Small First principle.

The innovation capabilities of factor-driven and efficiency-driven economies can
be further developed by advancing government or private research laboratories,
partnerships between multinationals and universities, and improving the ability
to commercialise solutions based on technological innovations.

One of the main reasons cited for exiting a business in Africa is the lack of
finance. These economies need urgently to improve mechanisms for moving the
funding of smaller businesses away from asset-based criteria to models that are
more accessible for entrepreneurs who may not have the collateral required by
most banks.

The report shows people younger than 44 are by far the most active in the
entrepreneurial space - but first grassroots skills gaps must be tackled by
establishing training centres for artisan and information and communications
technology skills, and setting up incubators that are easily accessible for
young potential entrepreneurs.

IT SHOULD include the improvement of information and communications technology
infrastructure in areas beyond city borders so entrepreneurs have the
cost-effective internet and reliable connectivity that is critical for people to
create employment for themselves. Of equal importance is promoting
entrepreneurship in high value-added industries. In factor-driven economies,
more early-stage businesses start in the retail and services industry, where
fewer skills are needed and the barriers to entry are low.

Policy makers and practitioners should assess the environment and encourage
entrepreneurs to go into industries that match the strengths of an economy or
region, and tackle the future direction of manufacturing and other high-growth
industries. Entrepreneurship continues to grow in credibility globally as an
economic force for attending to social and economic challenges. With more than
two-thirds of adults around the world expressing positive entrepreneurial
intentions, it represents a large untapped source for development. If more
governments support entrepreneurs, an entrepreneurial world can be built that
will be more robust and sustainable for all.

& 8226;Herrington is the executive director of GEM.

Many entrepreneurs in less-developed economies cite complicated regulatory
systems and bureaucracy as a leading cause of business discontinuance. The
problem is particularly severe in SA

Most entrepreneurs in Africa start businesses because they are pursuing
opportunities, as opposed to doing so out of necessity, the writer says.
Picture: MARIANNE SCHWANKHART

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

The Globalist Quiz

BYLINE: TheGlobalist.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


THE GLOBALIST QUIZ

Race to the Top: The World's 20 Largest Economies in 2050

The weekly quiz is provided by the Globalist, a daily online feature service
that covers issues and trends in globalization. The nonpartisan organization
provides commercial services and nonprofit educational features.

QUESTION

The group of the world's 20 largest economies is not static. Over time, some
countries are bound to move into this elite club, while others may drop out. We
wonder: Which countries are projected to make the greatest upward move among the
world's top 20 economies?

ANSWER

A. Indonesia

B. Brazil

C. Pakistan

D. Nigeria

A.

Indonesia is not correct.

Within the world's 20 largest economies, Indonesia -- currently ranked in ninth
place globally (measured in terms of GDP, adjusted for purchasing power) -- is
expected to climb five places between now and 2050, to become the world's
fourth-largest economy. That is a significant upward move, but not the largest
one within the top 20 economies, according to an analysis by
PricewaterhouseCooper, the accounting firm. By midcentury, Indonesia's economy
could quintuple in size, to reach $12.2 trillion. That could lift millions of
its people out of poverty. However, the gap between fourth-ranking Indonesia and
the top three economies will remain wide. The size of the U.S. economy --
projected to reach $41.4 trillion in 2050 -- will still be almost 3.5 times
larger than Indonesia's economy. The slide of many European countries in the
global GDP ranks will be more pronounced, largely as a combination of declining
demographics and slow-growth economies. For example, Germany will fall by five
places, from the fifth to the 10th-largest economy.

B.

Brazil is not correct.

Within the world's 20 largest economies, Brazil -- currently ranked in seventh
place -- is expected to move up two places in the ranks by the year 2050. For
Brazil, this increase will go hand in hand with a near tripling of its GDP from
its 2014 value, to reach $9.2 trillion. Brazil's economy will rank in fifth
place globally, right behind Indonesia. Brazil has achieved an impressive track
record of lowering extreme poverty. However, economic growth has slowed markedly
in recent years, and the country will need to address many structural issues to
safeguard the projected rise of its economy into the top five. In Latin America,
Mexico is expected to be the biggest economic riser, improving from the current
11th place to sixth among the world's largest economies. With a projected GDP of
$8 trillion, its economy in 2050 will be slightly larger than Japan's.

C.

Pakistan is not correct.

Pakistan -- currently the 25th largest economy in the world -- is projected to
climb 10 places in the global ranks by the year 2050. That represents the
second-greatest increase for any major country, according to the
PricewaterCooper analysis. If this projection proves correct, Pakistan will rank
as the world's 15th largest economy in 2050, at $4.3 trillion, between Turkey
and Egypt. All three of these Muslim-majority nations share a tenuous
relationship between democracy and the armed forces. At the same time,
Muslim-majority nations are expected to account for five of the 10 nations that
will move upward in the ranking of the world's 20 largest economies by 2050.
Those three, along with Indonesia, will be joined by Saudi Arabia -- the faith's
birthplace. To realize the economic gains projected for the country, Pakistan
faces significant challenges. In particular, it will need to resolve its
security and political issues peacefully and on a more permanent basis.

D.

Nigeria is correct.

Within the world's 20 largest economies, Nigeria -- currently ranked in 20th
place -- is expected to climb 11 places by the year 2050. That is the single
greatest increase for any economy projected to be in the world's top 20 by 2050.
If this comes to pass, Nigeria's economy will rank in ninth place globally.
Nigeria's GDP could reach $7.3 trillion. The country, which is Africa's second
largest by land area, currently has around 183.5 million people, making it the
world's seventh most populous nation now. However, Nigeria is expected to become
the world's third most populous nation by 2050 -- ranking behind only India and
China. Severe security concerns about insurgencies, along with corruption
problems, are very much on the minds of Nigerian voters in the 2015 national
elections. These problems pose major challenges to Nigeria's projected growth,
though its demographics are simply too favorable to stop Nigeria's economic rise
altogether.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday

Dubai to become capital of Islamic economy

LENGTH: 1506 words


His Highness Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime
Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, launched the strategic plan for
developing the Islamic economy sector on Saturday.

The plan launched in the presence of Shaikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al
Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai and Chairman of the Dubai Executive Council and
Shaikh Maktoum bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai,
includes seven key pillars and 46 strategic initiatives to be implemented within
36 months. The aim is to enhance the position of Dubai as the capital of the
Islamic economy.

After the launch ceremony, Shaikh Mohammed said: "The continued developments and
changes in the global economy increase the need to constantly diversify the
structure of our national economy. Our firm principle in the UAE is not to rely
on one single economic resource or sector. The Islamic economy is not new to us.
In fact, we have accumulated considerable expertise in this field and our aim is
the global arena."

Shaikh Mohammed added: "In the UAE, we excel at the public - private sector
partnership, where both sectors work as one team. Therefore, I am optimistic
about the success of the Islamic economy sector and about placing Dubai on the
international economic map as the global destination of choice that provides
Islamic products, finance and services as well as raising the standards for the
management and quality of this sector to new levels."

"Our aim from all economic initiatives we launch is to improve the quality of
life and providing opportunities that ensure a prosperous future for coming
generations."

Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum also directed all stakeholders to
coordinate their efforts in light of the strategic plan for developing the
Islamic economy sector and to support this sector by continuously launching
strategic initiatives and programmes.

The ceremony was attended by Mohammed Ahmed Al Murr, Chairman of the Federal
National Council; Shaikh Majid bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Chairman of
Dubai Culture and Arts Authority; Lt.-General Dhahi Khalfan Tamim, Chief of
Dubai Police; as well as a number of ministers, heads and directors of
government departments, leaders of the business community and media
representatives.

Shaikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum said: "The strategic plan for
developing the Islamic economy sector is a road map for the future which sets
the frameworks for uniting the efforts of various institutions and parties
operating in this sector in line with the vision of Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid
Al Maktoum to position Dubai as the global capital of the Islamic economy."

"When HH Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum specified the goal, he wanted an
Islamic economy sector with a global vision and with local human resources to
serve our national economic interests. His vision was to turn Dubai into the
future global capital of the Islamic economy," he added.

Shaikh Hamdan said: "The vision is clear, The determination is high, The
leadership is decisive, The operational teams are ready, and the obstacles ahead
will be met by exceptional people."

The strategic plan relies on seven main pillars that revolve around making Dubai
the global reference and hub for Islamic financing, the main centre for halal
food industries and the trusted name for the accreditation of such products, the
destination of choice for family tourism, the main world platform for Islamic
e-commerce and Islamic digital economy, the global capital for Islamic design
and innovation, the main centre and reference for knowledge, education, and
research in all pillars of the Islamic economy, and the most reliable centre for
Islamic economy standards and certification.

The Crown Prince of Dubai emphasised that the strategic plan and its main
pillars are a major step towards enhancing Dubai's position as a global hub for
Islamic products and will effectively contribute to achieve the targeted goals
of the initiative of establishing Dubai as the Capital of the Islamic Economy.
Overall, this will not only diversify the national economy, but also enhance it
by adding a new vital sector that will further enrich Dubai's outstanding
reputation in the economic field and establish it as the global capital of the
Islamic economy.

Meanwhile, members of the higher committee for the development of the Islamic
Economy Sector, which is chaired by Mohammed Abdullah Al Gergawi, the Chairman
of the Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's Executive Office and the Chairman
of the Higher Committee for the development of the Islamic Economy Sector
presented a description for the main directions and initiatives of the plan,
each on his sector and within his specialisation.

Al Gergawi emphasised in his speech during the launch ceremony that the
strategic plan includes seven main pillars and 46 initiatives to be implemented
within 36 months, according to the direction of Shaikh Mohammed, who ordered to
reduce the period from 5 years to only 36 months.

He added: "the Higher Committee for the development of Islamic Economy Sector
has been able within few months from the launch of the initiative "Dubai the
Capital of Islamic Economy" by His Highness Shaikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al
Maktoum, to develop a series of initiatives that will enhance the position of
Dubai as a destination and capital for Islamic Economy such as the Islamic Sukuk
initiative, which so far has attracted Dh46 billion and is expected to reach
Dh60 billion by the end of the year."

Other initiatives include the establishment of Islamic banking centre, the
Global Islamic Economy Summit in November of this year, and the Islamic Economy
Award. Moreover a number of universities started making available courses
pertaining to the Islamic economy in order to qualify human resources for this
sector.

In his presentation, Essa Kazim, CEO of Dubai Finical Market and the
Secretary-General of the Higher Committee for development of the Islamic Economy
sector said: "The strategic plan will contribute to enhance the position of
Dubai as the global capital of Islamic Economy at a time when many countries are
competing to attract investments in the Islamic Economy Sector and the demand
for goods and services in this sector is increasing. This requires solid
cooperation between all related parties to coordinate their efforts in order to
achieve the goals that the initiative was launched for".

Additionally, the strategic plan aims through its second pillar "The trusted
name &solution provider in the Halal food industry" to develop a local network
of facilities and logistic services to produce, export, re-export and create a
set of best practices in this sector.

As for the third pillar, "The destination of choice for family friendly
tourism", the strategic plan aims to develop the Islamic economy sector to
promote Dubai's position as a centre for family tourism which provides a series
of facilities and tourist activities suitable for all family members. Based on
the directions of Shaikh Mohammed, Dubai has successfully made many steps in
augmenting its position as the favourite tourist destination for families from
all over the world. This achievement is made evident through the increasing
inflow of tourists to the emirate, with their number increasing by 11.1% to 5.58
million during the first half of this year compared to the corresponding period
of 2012.

Within the fourth pillar, "The pioneer of the Islamic digital economy," the
strategic plan will endeavour to promote Dubai as an oasis and incubator for the
development of electronic programmes, applications and games, a platform for
Islamic e-commerce, a global centre for Islamic media, and a pioneering and
incubating environment for the Islamic digital economy.

Through the fifth pillar, "The capital of Islamic fashion, arts and design", the
strategic plan aims to cement Dubai's position as a centre for Islamic design
and architecture, a global destination for showcasing and trading of various
types of Islamic arts, and a global centre for design, display and retail of
conservative fashion. Dubai has initiated this drive with the launch of "Dubai
Design Centre" by Shaikh Mohammed. The centre will include design schools and
facilities for designers from various sectors representing companies and luxury
brands, which ultimately represents a unique addition to promote Dubai as a
global fashion destination.

As for the seventh pillar, "The world class centre for Islamic economy standards
& certification," the strategic plan aims to establish Dubai as the global
reference for the issuance of Islamic management standards and a certified
centre for issuance of Halal certificates for various products and services.

Shaikh Mohammed launched the "Dubai The Capital Of Islamic Economy" initiative
early this year to add this sector to the key sectors of the sound UAE economy
with the aim of supporting the economy through a new dynamic sector representing
a quantum leap for the prosperous economy of Dubai and the UAE.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2013 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           Ghanaian Chronicle (Accra)

                                October 25, 2012

NPP Grew Economy By 62.5 Percent - Bawumia

BYLINE: Musah Umar Farouq

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: Wa


The vice presidential aspirant of the opposition New Patriotic Party (NPP), Dr.
Mahamudu Bawumia, has said that the phenomenal growth of the Ghanaian economy
under the Kufuor administration was a result of deliberate policies, and a
well-thought out project to grow the economy and transform the then HIPC economy
into a lower middle income economy.

Speaking at a Youth Forum held at the University of Development Studies, Wa
Campus, late Saturday, Dr. Bawumia said, "the NPP increased the economy by 62.5%
on the average, in nominal dollar terms in our 8 years, while the NDC, so far,
on the average has been increasing the economy by 5.5% in nominal dollar terms
in the last four years, including oil discovery.

He claimed every 12 steps the NPP took, the NDC had taken one. "It's a ratio of
12 to 1, and that is how come we were able to transform the HIPC economy handed
over to us into a lower middle income emerging economy by 2008," he said.

According to him, the NPP didn't have oil, and that the transformation witnessed
was as a result of well thought out policies and reforms.

"The transformation of the economy between 2001 and 2008 was not a fluke, it
didn't just happen. In this world, if you think small, you are only going to do
small things, but if you think big, you would achieve greatness. We were able to
think big and do the big things. So we are going to transform the economy; there
is no doubt about that, because we know how to do it," he stated.

Dr. Bawumia was amazed that the NDC had found it difficult growing the economy
at a more significant pace, despite the fact that the NPP bequeathed an economy
which was in a far better shape than the NDC left it in 2000, and blamed the NDC
for concentrating more on propaganda than working to better the lot of the
people.

"You need to appoint people who know what they are doing in the economy. If you
appoint propaganda experts in the management of the economy, all you would get
is propaganda, and that is all we have seen in the past three and a half years,"
he said.

The former Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana, who was key in the management
of the Ghanaian economy between 2001 and 2008, expressed surprise at how some
people involved in the management of the economy today had sought to trumpet
their experience, though that experience had failed to positively translate into
the proper management of the economy.

"If you say you have practical policy experience, then that should reflect in
your policies. If the outcome of your policies is HIPC, then we don't have
anything to learn from you; if the outcome of your policies results in exchange
rate collapse, then we don't have anything to learn from you; if the outcome of
your policies results in high unemployment rates, then you don't have anything
to be proud of; if the outcome of your policies results in high interest rates,
then it is not relevant," he said.

The NPP running-mate disclosed that under a Nana Akufo-Addo government, one of
the key steps the administration would take to transform the economy was to
promote local businesses and give the local private sector the incentives needed
to grow and create the necessary jobs.

He said that the situation where foreign companies were given the best
incentives to do business, as it happened in the STX housing deal, would be a
thing of the past, and that Ghanaian companies would receive such incentives
under the NPP to make them grow.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

"Nixers" destroying construction firms;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across
black economy operations in the last 3 months.


Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across black
economy operations in the last 3 months.

In a new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in
the sector, 85pc of construction companies have also come across an increased
number of black economy operations in the last 12 months.

The survey also found that almost 20pc of construction companies believe that
black economy activity in the construction sector has grown by more than 100pc
since the downturn began.

Over half - 52pc - of construction companies believe they have lost more than 5
jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months and just under one in
four construction companies are aware of public contracts being awarded to black
economy operations. The survey found that 98.5pc of construction companies
believe black economy operators pay their workers with cash outside of the tax
system while 65pc believe that wage rates offered to construction workers in
black economy operations are undercut by more than 20pc. Almost one in two
construction companies have come across clients who have experienced problems
with black economy operators or the work they have carried out and 39pc have
been asked to repair work carried out by a black economy construction operative.
The survey found that 56pc believe that the materials used by black economy
operators are lower in quality and 93pc believe the Government needs to take
stronger action to regulate black economy operators in the construction industry
while 74pc believe the Revenue Commissioners should be responsible for ensuring
regulations to combat the black economy are enforced. Commenting on the survey,
CIF Director General Tom Parlon said, "For some time now it has been evident
that there is a major problem with black economy activity in the construction
sector. Legitimate construction operatives who obey their tax obligations and
comply with the various regulations in the industry are finding it more
difficult to win work. The fact is that they are being undercut by black economy
operators when it comes to tendering." "The black economy operators are able to
do this because they are not paying tax, they are not providing their workers
with the mandated wages and pensions, they are using lower quality materials and
they are not abiding by the various regulations and safety standards set for the
construction industry. With so little work in the construction sector at present
that is making life very difficult for those legitimate operators. Many have
been forced out of business over the past couple of years and the black economy
operatives are making that problem worse." "This is not just an issue for those
in the construction sector. These companies regularly avoid tax, which reduces
the payments to the Exchequer. That impacts on everyone in the country.
Additionally in some cases these construction operatives may be claiming
Jobseekers Allowance at the same time as they are doing this construction work
on the side. They then use that dole payment to help subsidize their work,
allowing them to offer lower rates."

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

"Nixers" destroying construction firms;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across
black economy operations in the last 3 months.


Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across black
economy operations in the last 3 months.

In a new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in
the sector, 85pc of construction companies have also come across an increased
number of black economy operations in the last 12 months.

The survey also found that almost 20pc of construction companies believe that
black economy activity in the construction sector has grown by more than 100pc
since the downturn began.

Over half - 52pc - of construction companies believe they have lost more than 5
jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months and just under one in
four construction companies are aware of public contracts being awarded to black
economy operations. The survey found that 98.5pc of construction companies
believe black economy operators pay their workers with cash outside of the tax
system while 65pc believe that wage rates offered to construction workers in
black economy operations are undercut by more than 20pc. Almost one in two
construction companies have come across clients who have experienced problems
with black economy operators or the work they have carried out and 39pc have
been asked to repair work carried out by a black economy construction operative.
The survey found that 56pc believe that the materials used by black economy
operators are lower in quality and 93pc believe the Government needs to take
stronger action to regulate black economy operators in the construction industry
while 74pc believe the Revenue Commissioners should be responsible for ensuring
regulations to combat the black economy are enforced. Commenting on the survey,
CIF Director General Tom Parlon said, "For some time now it has been evident
that there is a major problem with black economy activity in the construction
sector. Legitimate construction operatives who obey their tax obligations and
comply with the various regulations in the industry are finding it more
difficult to win work. The fact is that they are being undercut by black economy
operators when it comes to tendering." "The black economy operators are able to
do this because they are not paying tax, they are not providing their workers
with the mandated wages and pensions, they are using lower quality materials and
they are not abiding by the various regulations and safety standards set for the
construction industry. With so little work in the construction sector at present
that is making life very difficult for those legitimate operators. Many have
been forced out of business over the past couple of years and the black economy
operatives are making that problem worse." "This is not just an issue for those
in the construction sector. These companies regularly avoid tax, which reduces
the payments to the Exchequer. That impacts on everyone in the country.
Additionally in some cases these construction operatives may be claiming
Jobseekers Allowance at the same time as they are doing this construction work
on the side. They then use that dole payment to help subsidize their work,
allowing them to offer lower rates."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

"Nixers" destroying construction firms;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across
black economy operations in the last 3 months.


Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across black
economy operations in the last 3 months.

In a new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in
the sector, 85pc of construction companies have also come across an increased
number of black economy operations in the last 12 months.

The survey also found that almost 20pc of construction companies believe that
black economy activity in the construction sector has grown by more than 100pc
since the downturn began.

Over half - 52pc - of construction companies believe they have lost more than 5
jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months and just under one in
four construction companies are aware of public contracts being awarded to black
economy operations. The survey found that 98.5pc of construction companies
believe black economy operators pay their workers with cash outside of the tax
system while 65pc believe that wage rates offered to construction workers in
black economy operations are undercut by more than 20pc. Almost one in two
construction companies have come across clients who have experienced problems
with black economy operators or the work they have carried out and 39pc have
been asked to repair work carried out by a black economy construction operative.
The survey found that 56pc believe that the materials used by black economy
operators are lower in quality and 93pc believe the Government needs to take
stronger action to regulate black economy operators in the construction industry
while 74pc believe the Revenue Commissioners should be responsible for ensuring
regulations to combat the black economy are enforced. Commenting on the survey,
CIF Director General Tom Parlon said, "For some time now it has been evident
that there is a major problem with black economy activity in the construction
sector. Legitimate construction operatives who obey their tax obligations and
comply with the various regulations in the industry are finding it more
difficult to win work. The fact is that they are being undercut by black economy
operators when it comes to tendering." "The black economy operators are able to
do this because they are not paying tax, they are not providing their workers
with the mandated wages and pensions, they are using lower quality materials and
they are not abiding by the various regulations and safety standards set for the
construction industry. With so little work in the construction sector at present
that is making life very difficult for those legitimate operators. Many have
been forced out of business over the past couple of years and the black economy
operatives are making that problem worse." "This is not just an issue for those
in the construction sector. These companies regularly avoid tax, which reduces
the payments to the Exchequer. That impacts on everyone in the country.
Additionally in some cases these construction operatives may be claiming
Jobseekers Allowance at the same time as they are doing this construction work
on the side. They then use that dole payment to help subsidize their work,
allowing them to offer lower rates."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

"Nixers" destroying construction firms;
Black Economy

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across
black economy operations in the last 3 months.


Over three quarters (76pc) of construction companies have come across black
economy operations in the last 3 months.

In a new Construction Industry Federation (CIF) survey on the black economy in
the sector, 85pc of construction companies have also come across an increased
number of black economy operations in the last 12 months.

The survey also found that almost 20pc of construction companies believe that
black economy activity in the construction sector has grown by more than 100pc
since the downturn began.

Over half - 52pc - of construction companies believe they have lost more than 5
jobs to black economy operations in the last 12 months and just under one in
four construction companies are aware of public contracts being awarded to black
economy operations. The survey found that 98.5pc of construction companies
believe black economy operators pay their workers with cash outside of the tax
system while 65pc believe that wage rates offered to construction workers in
black economy operations are undercut by more than 20pc. Almost one in two
construction companies have come across clients who have experienced problems
with black economy operators or the work they have carried out and 39pc have
been asked to repair work carried out by a black economy construction operative.
The survey found that 56pc believe that the materials used by black economy
operators are lower in quality and 93pc believe the Government needs to take
stronger action to regulate black economy operators in the construction industry
while 74pc believe the Revenue Commissioners should be responsible for ensuring
regulations to combat the black economy are enforced. Commenting on the survey,
CIF Director General Tom Parlon said, "For some time now it has been evident
that there is a major problem with black economy activity in the construction
sector. Legitimate construction operatives who obey their tax obligations and
comply with the various regulations in the industry are finding it more
difficult to win work. The fact is that they are being undercut by black economy
operators when it comes to tendering." "The black economy operators are able to
do this because they are not paying tax, they are not providing their workers
with the mandated wages and pensions, they are using lower quality materials and
they are not abiding by the various regulations and safety standards set for the
construction industry. With so little work in the construction sector at present
that is making life very difficult for those legitimate operators. Many have
been forced out of business over the past couple of years and the black economy
operatives are making that problem worse." "This is not just an issue for those
in the construction sector. These companies regularly avoid tax, which reduces
the payments to the Exchequer. That impacts on everyone in the country.
Additionally in some cases these construction operatives may be claiming
Jobseekers Allowance at the same time as they are doing this construction work
on the side. They then use that dole payment to help subsidize their work,
allowing them to offer lower rates."

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Struggle, but no double dip

BYLINE: Alan Mitchell

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 954 words


As the International Monetary Fund sees it, the probability of a deep,
double-dip recession is very low. But the recovery has slowed and it will be
laboured - because of the damage done by the financial crisis. And the risks to
growth are predominately on the downside.

In the wake of the European sovereign debt crisis and the recent weakness of the
United States, the IMF has marginally edged down the global forecast for 2011
from 4.3 per cent to 4.2 per cent in its latest World Economic Outlook (WEO)
report. The emerging and developing economies are expected to grow by 6.4 per
cent in 2011, while the advanced economies are forecast to grow by only 2.2 per
cent.

A double-dip recession is unlikely, the IMF says, because the strong growth of
the emerging economies "will pull the recovery along over the near term".

In most emerging economies, the recovery appears to have become self-sustaining
as consumption and investment takes over from the rebuilding of inventories.
Investment is strong in these economies because big increases in industrial
production have cut into excess capacity.

In the advanced economies, both manufacturing and investment in machinery and
equipment are expected to continue their recoveries.

"Investment in machinery and equipment is already showing strength in a number
of advanced economies," the IMF reports.

This has been helped by the fact that deleveraging by non-financial businesses
is more advanced than that of households - especially in the US, where companies
heavily cut investment and employment at the start of the recession.

The IMF argues that strong production until July is likely to continue to propel
investment as inventory building decelerates.

Yet, as the WEO report explains, the world recovery was always going to slow
when the impact of the factors driving the early part of the recovery - fiscal
stimulus and the rebuilding of inventories - faded.

Consumer spending and private investment in the major developed economies are
still limited by the need of households to rebuild their savings, the caution of
banks in lending to business and, in the case of the US especially, the overhang
of unsold housing stock.

Even in the US, where corporate profits have jumped as revenue has risen ahead
of wage costs, the upturn in investment has not been strong enough to produce
the improvement in the labour market that is needed for a stronger revival in
consumer spending.

"Most advanced and a few emerging economies still face major adjustments,
including the need to strengthen household balance sheets, stabilise and
subsequently reduce high public debt, and repair and reform their financial
sectors," the IMF says.

"In many of these economies, the financial sector is still vulnerable to shocks,
and growth appears to be slowing as policy stimulus wanes."

A sustained, healthy recovery, it says, rests on two "rebalancing acts". The
first is internal rebalancing, where a strengthening of private demand in
advanced economies will allow for fiscal consolidation. The second is external
rebalancing, where the high-income deficit economies (especially the US)
increase net exports, and surplus economies - especially China and emerging Asia
more generally - decrease net exports.

These rebalancing acts are mutually supportive. A stronger contribution from net
exports to growth in the advanced economies would create more room for fiscal
consolidation.

At the same time, there is a need for the advanced economies to strengthen their
financial and structural policies.

"Looking ahead, advanced economies face appreciably weaker prospects for
activity than over the past decade, absent significant reforms," the IMF says.

The global crisis is exacerbating a trend decline in the advanced versus
emerging economy growth rates. This trend has been driven by fundamental factors
such as falling population growth in the advanced economies.

But these economies now also face large and persistent output losses from the
recession. For example, the big fall in business investment during the recession
has left advanced economies with reduced manufacturing capacity.

According to the IMF, there has been "a sizeable and persistent reduction in
potential output relative to the pre-crisis trend and substantial excess
supply". These losses "should be presumed to be permanent, unless there is
significant policy change".

That has major consequences for governments and voters in the advanced
economies.

"This suggests that a large portion of fiscal revenue losses relative to
pre-crisis revenue trends should be presumed permanent," the IMF warns.

"This means that public expenditure programs will have to be scaled back or
taxes increased, or fiscal deficits and debt will continue to grow rapidly over
the medium term. More fundamentally, capital and labour will need to be
reallocated from declining to expanding sectors, posing major social
challenges."

The demand for imports by advanced economies also will be below pre-crisis
trends. For the emerging economies that have built their growth around exports
to the advanced economies, there is now a more urgent need to rebalance growth
towards domestic demand, if they want to return to pre-crisis growth rates.

Unfortunately, rebalancing demand is not as easy as Kevin Rudd's "cash splash"
made it look.

China, which accounts for two-thirds of emerging Asia's saving, is expected by
the IMF to provide only a partial offset to the weaker demand from advanced
economies. Its consumer spending and imports of consumer goods are coming off
too small a base.

And China and the other emerging economies with large current account surpluses
are concerned about destabilising currency appreciations and are busy winding
back their fiscal stimulus.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIX GRAPHS: So far so good - Change in real private consumption (% QoQ,
annualised), Change in real gross fixed investment (% QoQ, annualised), Capacity
utilization (standard deviation from average), Contribution to growth (%)
SOURCE: IMF WORLD ECONOMIC OUTLOOK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Guccione's triple play

LENGTH: 857 words


Three predictions from Bob Guccione Jr., who launched Spin and Gear magazines.
He is currently publishing a 28-page glossy with Mario Batali as a leave-behind
at the celebrity chef's 15 restaurants.

A big cable-channel group like  Time Warner Inc.or a big cable company like
Comcast Corp.  announces it will launch a rival to  Scripps Networks Interactive
Inc. 's Food Network.

A daily newspaper in Boston or San Francisco continues to charge for its Sunday
edition but, unless home delivery is specified, offers itself for free the rest
of the week. And while home-delivery subscribers must pay a full week's price
for the paper, they receive more editorial content, ad coupons and retail
promotions than their freebie counterparts.

Meredith Corp.  finally buys Southern Progress Corp. from Time Inc. Either that
or Time becomes so frustrated with ceaseless solicitations for Southern Progress
that it turns the tables and buys Meredith's national media group, which houses
the Des Moines, Iowa-based publisher's magazine operations.

The latter scenario results in a price tag not seen in print since Rupert
Murdoch's  News Corp.  paid $3 billion for a TV Guide-dominated Triangle
Publications Inc. in 1988.

&nbsp;

The Predictors
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/features/cover-stories/on-prediction.php|On
prediction     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lerner:-more-pe-reform-and-more-emerging-markets.php|Lerner:
More PE reform and more emerging markets
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kroszner-warns-about-the-shadows.php|Kroszner warns about the shadows
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/forecasting-is-hard.php|Forecasting is hard
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/werbalowsky%27s-hopes-and-fears.php|Werbalowsky's hopes and fears
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/academics-on-failed-banks,-busted-towns-and-fat-fees.php|Academics on
failed banks, busted towns and fat fees
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/gray-on-commercial-real-estate.php|Gray on commmercial real estate
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/berlinski-and-mass-on-how-pe-will-cope.php|Berlinski and Mass on how
PE will cope     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/cuban-on-nearly-everything.php|Cuban on nearly everything
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/turk-on-europe%27s-future.php|Turk on Europe's future
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/heller-on-bankruptcy,-part-2.php|Heller on bankruptcy, part 2
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/hofmeister-on-energy.php|Hofmeister on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/trinder-on-riding-the-waves-of-regulation.php|Trinder on riding the
waves of regulation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/guccione%27s-triple-play.php|Guccione's triple play
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kallir-on-the-ways-of-the-art-market.php|Kallir on the ways of the art
market           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/grahm-on-wine.php|Grahm on wine
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/routh-on-the-rise-of-dumb-pumping.php|Routh on the rise of dumb
pumping      http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lloyd-george-on-emerging-markets.php|Lloyd George on emerging
markets           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/suhler-on-media-spending.php|Suhler on media spending
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/isaac:-banking-on-consolidation.php|Isaac: Banking on consolidation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/morris-on-limited-partners.php|Morris on limited partners
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/nunnelly-on-a-pe-shakeout.php|Nunnelly on a PE shakeout
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/beale:-waiting-for-the-public.php|Beale: Waiting for the public
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/collier-on-energy.php|Collier on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/levin-on-private-equity%27s-red-tape-and-return-to-the-midmarket.php|L
evin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket      &nbsp;
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/soothsayer-to-the-street.php|Soothsayer to the Street

&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 March 8, 2000

WAKE-UP CALL FOR THE OLD ECONOMY - The Old (P&G, Dow Industrials) Founder As The
New (Techs) Flourish

BYLINE: By Terry Lee Jones, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 652 words


If you ever wanted to know what the New Economy looked like, Tuesday was your
day. In one dizzying morning, investors and consumers saw the promise - and
peril - of today's fast-growth, low-inflation, high-tech economy. So what do
people mean by New Economy vs. Old Economy? Here's what you saw Tuesday. New
Economy: VeriSign Inc., a little-known company in the computer encryption
business, agreed to buy Network Solutions - hardly a household name - for $ 15
billion. Old Economy: Procter & Gamble, a real household name, said it sees
near-term profits falling by 10% to 11% from a year earlier, rather than the 7%
to 9% growth it had expected. P&G's stock gave up 30% of its value - a $ 39
billion drop. New Economy: The government revised productivity growth up to 6.4%
for the fourth quarter, the best in seven years, while labor costs fell. Old
Economy: The old-line Dow industrials slumped 374 points, or 3.7%, after P&G's
bad news. New Economy: The Nasdaq topped 5000 for the first time before
suffering a modest loss. But the tech-rich Nasdaq is up 24% this year. "Right
now, we're seeing an even greater divergence between the Old and the New
Economy," said Ed Yardeni, chief economist at Deutsche Banc Alex. Brown in New
York. "As the Old Economy sinks, the New Economy is rising from its ashes." On
the one hand, Old Economy companies - like P&G - face pressure from nimble new
rivals here and abroad. Discount retailers and the Internet have stolen their
ability to set prices. That's forced old companies to slash prices and cut
costs. And they still can't thrive - as P&G admits. Meanwhile, New Economy
companies are prospering - in many cases by selling technology to the Old
Economy. Since 1995, capital spending on technology and software has surged 15%
to 25% a year in real terms. Why is this so important? Over the long run, the
economy can grow in only two ways: by making workers more productive or by
adding more workers. With U.S. unemployment at 4.1%, the pool of available
workers is small. That means one thing: The economy's growth potential will be
determined by productivity. Since 1995, productivity has grown at a 3.3% pace,
double the 1.7% of the preceding five years. And the growth isn't likely to end
soon. "It's like gravity. There are some forces you just can't stop," said
Harvey Rosenblum, director of economic research at the Federal Reserve Bank of
Dallas. "We can keep it going for a real long time." Rosenblum and others point
to several trends - immigration, free trade, strong capital flows from the rest
of the world and budget surpluses - that should fuel the New Economy for years.
"It's a once-in-a-century shift," said Rosenblum A few years ago, the common
wisdom was that the U.S. could grow just 2.5% a year without inflation. That
caused some economists and market-watchers to cheer when the Fed jacked up
interest rates any time GDP grew faster than that. But the late 1990s shook that
theory to the roots. Since 1995, real GDP grew 4.2% a year on average, while
inflation was just 1.6%. In a study called "How Fast Can The New Economy Grow,"
San Francisco Fed economist Glenn Rudebusch wrote that the 2%-2.5% growth speed
limit seems dead. "Potential output may currently be growing at a 3.5% annual
rate or even slightly faster," he wrote. When the economy grows, so do corporate
- and investor - profits. That stock-market wealth, coupled with capital
spending, could propel the economy for many years, says economist David Hale of
Zurich Financial Services Inc.. "The U.S. technology sector now has a
capitalization of over $ 3 trillion, compared to $ 350 billion for the entire
global mining industry," Hale noted recently. "Microsoft alone now has a market
capitalization of $ 600 billion, making it the first U.S. company to have a
value larger than the GDP of Canada and thus to qualify for membership of the
G-7 (Group of Seven)."

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                              202 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                          February 18, 1998, Wednesday

What economy needs is accurate diagnosis, not semantics

BYLINE: Junichi Hayakawa Yomiuri Shimbun Business Editor ; Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 734 words


The government's assessment of the country's economic health is becoming
increasingly difficult to fathom.

From the Economic Planning Agency's monthly reports, which are considered the
final word on the matter, it is hard to say whether the economy is growing or
shrinking. Instead, it seems the agency is merely playing with words.

The future of the economy is the subject of intense domestic and international
concern. Some economists warn that the situation is so bad that Japan could
trigger a global recession.

The government has a responsibility to provide the public with accurate and
clear assessments of the nation's economic condition. Without such information,
it is impossible to have a real debate on how the economy should be managed.

In its February overview, the EPA replaced its conclusion of the three previous
months, "The economy is at a standstill," with a new statement: "The economy is
stagnant."

According to the agency, ashibumi (standstill) is a temporary interruption in
economic growth. Teitai (stagnation), in contrast, is said to indicate that the
future of the economy is murky.

Such semantics invite a further interpretation: The agency is mincing its words
about the fact that the economy is in decline.

"Teitai is worse than ashibumi," said Koji Omi, director general of the EPA.
"But it does not mean the economy is turning downward," he added.

According to agency insiders, if the economy moved downward, the term
yowa-bukumi (potential weakness) would be used. If it worsened beyond that, the
appropriate expression would be teimei (slump).

Such definitions are meaningless to the public.

For instance, Kojien, one of the most respected Japanese-language dictionaries,
defines ashibumi as "stagnation, hold-up"--in other words, a synonym for teitai.

Whatever the government's self-serving explanation, ashibumi and teitai are
taken to mean the same thing by most people.

The way the EPA uses such terms makes it extremely difficult to grasp the true
state of the economy.

A majority of economists and researchers at private think tanks believe the
economy is on a downtrend.

The diffusion index, which combines various key economic statistics to determine
whether the economy has improved or worsened over a three-month period, was zero
in November.

This indicates a worsening economic situation.

Despite this, the government has yet to acknowledge that the economy is heading
for a recession. Observers say this is because the administration does not want
to admit earlier economic policy mistakes. In addition, they say, such an
admission would put the government under greater pressure to do more to
reinvigorate the economy.

The veracity of such accusations has become undeniable.

Because of the government's equivocation, official statistics are becoming
something of a joke. Although most people can sense they are in the midst of a
decline, government figures suggest that the economy has enjoyed a long period
of growth.

According to official statistics, the nation has seen 52 months of uninterrupted
expansion since November 1993. This would suggest the economy has surpassed the
51-month-long Heisei boom of the bubble years and is catching up with the
57-month-long Izanagi boom of the 1960s.

Figures concerning the latest "boom" will have to be revised in the future. But
if the government fails to make more realistic assessments of the economy,
measures could come too late to be effective.

The government has consistently been slow to admit the true state of the
economy. As a result, remedies have been delayed and problems have been
aggravated.

In the early stages of the bubble, for instance, the government dragged its feet
over tightening credit. After the bubble collapsed, the government hesitated
before introducing fiscal measures to clean up the mess, which included a
mountain of bad loans.

The government should learn from such experiences and make a thorough and
realistic diagnosis of the economy, instead of indulging in wishful thinking. It
should then clearly explain its findings to the public.

The administration may need to introduce prompt additional measures to boost the
economy. Even if this does not prove necessary, the government must issue an
accurate and comprehensible economic assessment--and soon.

(Junichi Hayakawa is business editor of The Yomiuri Shimbun.)

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              203 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

Global economy: Scenario for 2016

LENGTH: 1365 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Jan. 19 -- There is no end of crystal-gazing about the shape of the
world economic landscape in the year 2016. The intensity and persistence of
curiosity on the subject is not a little due to the turmoil and twists and turns
that the global economy went through in the last year. The International
Monetary Fund (IMF) forecast that the world economy would grow by 3.5 per cent
in 2015. In the months that followed the forecast, the figure was steadily
whittled down, reaching 3.1 per cent by the end of the year. Slow recovery of
the US economy and appearance of sudden sluggishness of the Chinese economy led
to cautious optimism, if not outright pessimism by IMF. Unraveling of the
emerging economies about the same time caused by declining commodity prices and
capital outflows stoked the gloomy outlook.

A consensus is now growing that the factors that dragged down the global economy
in 2015 will more or less persist in 2016. Growth of the US economy will be
slow, that of the Chinese economy unsteady, the emerging economies will remain
weak and the Euro zone economy will be hobbled by debt de-leveraging.
Compounding this scenario the global trade will be slow in growing. According to
the cynical among analysts, IMF should stop forecasting renewed growth rate and
instead issue warning signals that the global economy will remain weak and
vulnerable during the current year.

The overriding question is balancing the positive and negative factors. What can
be expected in 2016 in the global economy? The mainstream forecasters think that
the prospects are slightly better than last year. According to them, the
forecast by IMF of 3.6 per cent growth of the world economy is tenable based on
current trends. It is pointed out that though the growth of the world economy
was sluggish last year, an up tick has been noticed in the beginning of the
current year. Taking a cautious stand, the managing director of IMF has,
however, warned that an updated forecast may not be robustly positive. The basis
for the cautious optimism is that the recovery from the recession that followed
the international financial crisis of 2008 is still continuing. The global
economy has not yet turned around convincingly. The cautious forecast indicates
uncertainty about the trend in global economy.

It is pertinent to analyse the big issues in the world economy in the current
year to place the forecast made about it in correct perspective. The factors
that will determine whether developments will turn out better or worse than the
conservative estimates by forecasters, including IMF, are not many in number but
are significant in terms of impact. It is seen that three factors are dominant
and will continue to be so throughout most of 2016 in determining the shape and
trend of the world economy. These factors originate from the role of the world
economy's three important regions: United States, China and the Emerging
Economies. In America, the return to a more normal rate of interest began in
December last year. The Federal Reserve Bank (Fed) finally raised the main
interest target from the level of almost zero at which it was since the end of
2008. The Fed will continue to monitor inflation and employment to determine if
further rises are called for -- it has been announced by the chairman. If
further increase takes place, which is very likely in the event of further
improvement in employment figures, it will cause some disruption to the emerging
economies. Such a rise in the interest rate will lead to higher borrowing costs
and lower value of currencies of emerging economies because money will take
flight to the US economy. This in turn will make it more expensive to repay
loans in dollars. Companies in the emerging economies that borrowed dollars will
be in dire straits. This risk may have already become a reality as financial
markets have moved in anticipation of the Fed's decision to raise base interest
rate. Of course, there has been no emerging market financial crisis so far but
the risk of financial market turmoil is lurking in the background. Expressing
concern, Prof. Carmen Reinhert of Harvard University wrote recently: "Emerging
economies' debts seem largely moderate, perhaps by a large margin. If so, the
magnitude of the ongoing reversal in capital flows may be larger than is
generally believed -- potentially large enough to trigger a crisis."

Many economists have come to the conclusion that emerging economies have
improved their economic policy in recent years and are better poised to ward off
an international financial crisis now. But they concede that some emerging
economies are fragile enough to buckle under or teeter on the brink faced with
financial market turbulence. As examples, the following cases are cited: Russia
due to the lower price of crude oil, Brazil owing to domestic political crisis
and Venezuela due to creeping recession.

The most critical factor impacting adversely on the global economy has been
identified to be China's slowing economic growth and capital market turbulence.
China's economic slowdown is widely seen as inevitable arising from manipulative
growth sustained by debt-fuelled investment and massive exports the official
data of 10 per cent annual average growth shown for the last 30 years could not
be held up indefinitely. During the current slowdown the paramount question has
been whether Chinese economy will experience a smooth transition or a hard
landing? The stock market chaos in the middle of 2015 and several weeks of
volatility have reappeared in the beginning of the new year sending shock waves
across the global financial market. If the Chinese authorities repeat the
bungled management of the stock market crisis of 2015 the present development
may be the harbinger of a major crash. The crisis may be aggravated by the
restive currency market which has seen several changes in the exchange rate. At
the moment the exchange rate appears to be neither pegged to dollar or a basket
of currencies nor free-floating.

China's economic slowdown and capital market volatility cast a pall of gloom on
the commodity market -- oil, gas, metal and food items. Decline in demand for
commodities originating in China has already taken a toll on the economies of
South Africa, Brazil, Argentina and Zambia. The fall of oil prices has been
particularly damaging for countries that depend on exporting it like Russia,
Iran, Venezuela and Nigeria. What is disconcerting for these countries is that
oil price has not rebounded yet, rather the downward spiral is continuing with
the price now below US$ 30 per barrel, an all time low. Unless demand for oil
picks up following a strong recovery of the world economy or there is drastic
reduction of production the prospect for rise in oil price appears dim. Neither
of these possibilities seem imminent.

The broad picture that emerges from the above analysis is that the rich
countries (America, EU) have been through a slow recovery, a trend that will
persist in 2016. They will be spared of the spectre of recession. Among the
emerging countries China will post a single digit growth rate due to economic
slowdown while other emerging countries will grow at rates below their
potential. In all probability this group will experience a temporary setback and
not a prolonged stagnation. The IMF's prediction that growth for emerging and
developing countries will pick up this year from 4.0 to 4.5 per cent appears
problematic given the weak demand for their exports and the capital flight. As
regards the least developed countries (LDCs), they are likely to continue at the
present rate of growth if they can enjoy the same demand for their exports with
favourable concessions from the rich countries. All told, the global economy is
likely to go through a period of slow recovery and growth in 2016. This will be
an improvement over 2015 which witnessed recession in the developed countries
dragging down the world economy.

hasnat.hye5@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Niagara This Week - St. Catharines

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Officially we're in recession. Unofficially, we're screwed

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 720  words


Well, it's official - Canada is in a recession. Statistics Canada has released
financial numbers that meet the technical definition of a recession. Not only
did the country's gross national product fall in the first two quarters of 2015,
but members of the Canadian Senate also stole 25% more taxpayers' money than
usual. Things are so bad Senator Pamela Wallin is now using her own frequent
flyer points to reduce the cost of all the personal travel which she bills to
the government.

The energy sector of the economy is exhausted, the job market is down and the
Canadian loonie is dropping like Mike Duffy's jaw when he first saw the Mounties
coming up the walk.

The stock market is killing our retirement savings. One day Greece kicks it in
the ass and the next day China puts it in a strangle hold. If the loonie falls
any lower, Snowbirds will be spending this winter on Park Place and taking the
B&O Line to get there.

The price of gasoline is going up while the cost of a barrel of oil is going
down. Gold goes up. Silver slides. Commodities go down, pork belly futures get
slaughtered. It's painful, like watching a drunk dance his way through Royal
Doulton's factory outlet window.

Financial experts in Washington (Oxymoron Alert!!!) claim that although we are
experiencing 'Mickey Rooney growth' while fighting off a 'Patsy Cline decline,'
it is nowhere near the 'badder than a junkyard dog' setback predicted by Leroy
Brown. In short, the economy is so bad the experts are running out of doomsday
clich)s to describe it. Seriously, investing money these days is so dicey even
The Wealthy Barber took a haircut.

Yes, the Northern American economy is bad. But how bad?

The economy is so bad desperate-for-cash Canadian banks are installing ATM's on
the back of ATV's.

The economy is so bad the youngest of the Kardashian girls may have to live with
natural breasts.

The economy is so bad the Stopwatch Gang just robbed a food bank.

The economy is so bad in order to cut down on travel expenses, Madonna has
started adopting American kids.

The economy is so bad the last Annual Conference of U.S. Central Bankers in
Wyoming was held ... not making this one up ... at Jackson Hole.

The economy is so bad libraries are now accepting canned goods as payment for
overdue book fines.

The economy is so bad even white collar crime on Wall Street crime is down.

The economy is so bad, in a desperate attempt to get the money markets moving
Washington has decriminalized Ponzi schemes and issued day passes to Bernie
Madoff.

The economy is so bad the U.S. government has announced major military funding
cuts by promising to invade 40 percent less counties next year.

The economy is so bad that Canadian Finance Minister Joe Oliver now admits that
when he characterized our situation as being "robust" and "growing" he had his
fingers crossed behind his back.

The economy is so bad, before they could attend a meeting of the world's eight
richest countries, the Canadian delegates had to get through the qualifying
round.

The economy is so bad last night's top contenders on television's "the Biggest
Loser" were Portugal and Spain.

The world economy is so bad, yesterday the Euro achieved par with Pioneer Bonus
Bucks.

The economy is so bad President Obama ordered the Department of Agriculture to
conduct a space station experiment to see if money really can grow on trees.

The economy is so bad major American newspapers have suspended publishing for
six months and are donating the paper to the U.S. mint.

The economy is so bad Standard & Poor's have downgraded "Two And A Half Men" to
"One Skinny Guy And That Kid From Look Who's Talking."

The economy is so bad the Canada Pension Plan is now sending seniors monthly
cheques, that are post-dated.

The economy is so bad when they first heard the phrase double-dip recession,
Mike trampled Molly in a race to the nearest Haagen-Dazs.

The economy is so bad Conrad Black's personal valet is now working from home.

The economy is so bad Rupert Murdoch's newspaper reporters are only hacking into
phones with free long distance package.

The economy is so bad Bill and Melinda Gates will be holding a lawn sale
Saturday, September 12th at 8 a.m. No not 6:30 a.m. Not 7 or 7:30. Eight and not
a minute before.

For comments, ideas and copies of The True Story of Wainfleet, go to
www.williamthomas.ca.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2015
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Use of Market Economy Input Prices in Nonmarket Economy Proceedings

LENGTH: 6039  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Final Rule.
Summary

The Department of Commerce ("Department") is modifying its regulation which
states that the Department normally will use the price that a nonmarket economy
("NME") producer pays to a market economy supplier when a factor of production
is purchased from a market economy supplier and paid for in market economy
currency, in the calculation of normal value ("NV") in antidumping proceedings
involving NME countries. The rule establishes a requirement that the input at
issue be produced in one or more market economy countries, and a revised
threshold requiring that "substantially all" (i.e., 85 percent) of an input be
purchased from one or more market economy suppliers before the Department uses
the purchase price paid to value the entire factor of production. The Department
is making this change because it finds that a market economy input price is not
the best available information for valuing all purchases of that input when
market economy purchases of an input do not account for substantially all
purchases of the input.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Explanation of Modification to 19 CFR 351.408
    Response to Comments on the Proposed Rule
    Comment 1: Whether the Department Provided an Adequate Explanation for the
Proposed Change
    Comment 2: Whether the Proposal Meets the "Best Available Information"
Standard and the United States' World Trade Organization ("WTO") Obligations
    Comment 3: Whether the Quantity Purchased Affects the Purchase Price
    Comment 4: Whether the Proposal Creates Different Standards for NME and
Market Economy Producers
    Comment 5: Criteria for When the Department Will Accept a Respondent's
Market Economy Purchases
    Comment 6: Economic Comparability of Input/Supplier Country
    Comment 7: Effective Date
    Comment 8: Allegation of Clerical Errors
    Classification
    Executive Order 12866
    Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis
    1. A Statement of the Need for, and Objectives of, the Rule
    2. A Statement of Significant Issues Raised by the Public Comments in
Response to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, a Statement of the
Assessment of the Agency of Such Issues, and a Statement of Any Changes in the
Proposed Rule as a Result of Such Comments
    3. The Response of the Agency to Any Comments Filed by the Chief Counsel for
Advocacy of the Small Business Administration in Response to the Proposed Rule,
and a Detailed Statement of Any Change Made to the Proposed Rule in the Final
Rule as a Result of the Comments
    4. A Description of and an Estimate of the Number of Small Entities to Which
the Rule Will Apply or an Explanation of Why No Such Estimate Is Available
    5. A Description of the Projected Reporting, Recordkeeping, and Other
Compliance Requirements of the Final Rule
    6. A Description of the Steps the Agency Has Taken To Minimize the
Significant Economic Impact on Small Entities Consistent With the Stated
Objectives of Applicable Statutes, Including a Statement of the Factual, Policy,
and Legal Reasons for Selecting the Alternative Adopted in the Final Rule and
Why Each of the Other Significant Alternatives to the Rule Considered by the
Agency Which Affect the Impact on Small Entities Was Rejected
    Small Business Compliance Guide
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    List of Subjects in 19 CFR Part 351
    PART 351--ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTIES
    Footnotes

DATES: Back to Top

This final rule is effective September 3, 2013. It is applicable for all
proceedings or segments of proceedings (e.g., investigations and administrative
reviews) initiated on or after September 3, 2013.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Wendy Frankel at (202) 482-5849, Albert Hsu at (202) 482-4491, or Scott McBride
at (202) 482-6292.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Background Back to Top

On June 28, 2012, the Department published a proposed modification to its
regulations regarding use of market economy input prices in NME proceedings. [1]
The Proposed Rule explained the Department's proposal to modify its regulations
to establish (1) a requirement that the input at issue be produced in one or
more market economy countries, and (2) a revised threshold requiring that
"substantially all" (i.e., 85 percent) of an input be purchased from one or more
market economy suppliers before the Department uses the purchase price paid to
value the entire factor of production. The Department received numerous comments
on the Proposed Rule and has addressed these comments below. The Proposed Rule,
comments received, and this Final Rule can be accessed using the Federal
eRulemaking Portal at http://www.Regulations.gov under Docket Number
ITA-2012-0002. After analyzing and carefully considering all of the comments
that the Department received in response to the Proposed Rule, the Department
has adopted the modification and amended its regulations.
Explanation of Modification to 19 CFR 351.408 Back to Top

The second sentence of 19 CFR 351.408(c)(1) states that "{w}here a factor is
purchased from a market economy supplier and paid for in a market economy
currency, the Secretary normally will use the price paid to the market economy
supplier." To implement this rule, the Department is modifying the existing
sentence as follows:

"{w}here a factor is produced in one or more market economy countries, purchased
from one or more market economy suppliers and paid for in market economy
currency, the Secretary normally will use the price(s) paid to the market
economy supplier(s) if substantially all of the total volume of the factor is
purchased from the market economy supplier(s). For purposes of this provision,
the Secretary defines the term "substantially all" to be 85 percent or more of
the total volume purchased of the factor used in the production of subject
merchandise."

We view these additions as necessary to specify which inputs qualify under this
change to our regulations.

The current third sentence of 19 CFR 351.408(c)(1) states "In those instances
where a portion of the factor is purchased from a market economy supplier and
the remainder from a nonmarket economy supplier, the Secretary normally will
value the factor using the price paid to the market economy supplier." The
Department is modifying this sentence to read as follows:

"In those instances where less than substantially all of the total volume of the
factor is produced in one or more market economy countries and purchased from
one or more market economy suppliers, the Secretary normally will weight-average
the actual price(s) paid for the market economy portion and the surrogate value
for the nonmarket economy portion by their respective quantities."

We view these changes as necessary to explain the methodology the Department
will apply when a respondent purchases less than substantially all of the input
from market economy suppliers, or when only part of the input is produced in one
or more market economy countries.
Response to Comments on the Proposed Rule Back to Top

The Department received nine sets of comments on the Proposed Rule from numerous
parties including domestic producers, foreign exporters, foreign governments,
and members of the International Trade Bar. As indicated in the "Background"
section, these comments can be accessed using the Federal eRulemaking Portal at
http://www.regulations.gov under Docket Number ITA-2012-0002. The Department
analyzed and carefully considered all of the comments received. Below is a
summary of the comments, grouped by issue category and followed by the
Department's response.
Comment 1: Whether the Department Provided an Adequate Explanation for the
Proposed Change

One commenter asserted that the Department did not adequately justify the need
for the "substantially all" (i.e., 85 percent) requirement in the Proposed Rule.
The commenter stated that the Department has been using market economy input
prices to value the entire input when the total quantity purchased from market
economy suppliers is "meaningful" (i.e., 33 percent or more of total purchases)
for years, and there does not appear to be a reason to stray from that practice.
[2] Another commenter argued that the Department in its Proposed Rule did not
sufficiently explain why it now has concerns regarding the reliability of market
economy prices when the quantity purchased is less than 85 percent and
questioned why the Department has these concerns, since the Department stated in
a recent case that market forces are at play with respect to many prices in
China. [3] A third commenter also asserted that the Proposed Rule only partially
disclosed the reasons for the Department's proposed change.

Response to Comments: The Department has determined to amend its regulations to
only allow the application of market economy purchase prices to value the entire
input when substantially all of the firm's purchases of that input have been
made from a market economy. Upon review of our past practice, we have determined
that when a company's purchases from market economy suppliers represent only 33
percent of its total purchases, this amount does not constitute a sufficient
quantity to be representative of the input prices that the company would pay to
source all of its purchases from market economy suppliers. This is because, when
a company purchases an input from multiple sources in multiple economies at
different prices, some type of constraint is usually at work. Otherwise, the
company would likely meet all of its needs more efficiently by sourcing from the
single, lowest-price input supplier. For example, if certain imports represent
the lowest prices available, but are limited in quantity, then the company has
no option but to purchase the remainder of its input needs from higher-priced
domestic sources. On the other hand, if domestic sources represent the lowest
prices, but the domestic sources are limited in quantity, then the company might
have no choice but to complete its purchases using higher-priced imports. In
both cases, because of the supply constraint at work, valuing all of the input
at the market price paid for less than the vast majority of total purchases of
that input would either overstate or understate the company's input costs.
Further, the meaning of "supply constraint" can be broadened to cover logistics
problems and movement costs, and the outcome would be the same--an overstatement
or understatement of the company's costs.

For these reasons, the Department has determined that unless the vast majority
of an input need is met with imports from one or more market-based economies,
using the market-based purchase prices to value all of a company's inputs (from
all sources, foreign and domestic) would be an inappropriate means of valuing
factors of production. Accordingly, consistent with Section 773(c)(1) of the
Tariff Act of 1930 ("the Act"), we have concluded that the best available
information to value a factor of production using market economy prices is when
the market economy input purchases represent substantially all of the total
purchases of that input.
Comment 2: Whether the Proposal Meets the "Best Available Information" Standard
and the United States' World Trade Organization ("WTO") Obligations

Some commenters asserted that the Department must undertake an analysis to
determine the best available information for use in an NME case on a
case-by-case basis, whether it is actual market economy purchase prices or
surrogate values. They argued that the Proposed Rule would preclude the
Department from doing this statutorily mandated analysis to determine the best
available information when the purchase quantity from market economy producers
is less than 85 percent of total purchases of that input. One commenter asserted
that the Proposed Rule would result in market economy purchase prices being
excluded in favor of surrogate values when the 85 percent threshold is not met,
which is contrary to the best available information requirement. It also claimed
that market economy prices are more reliable than surrogate values.

One commenter also contended that U.S. WTO obligations with respect to the
People's Republic of China ("PRC") demonstrate a preference for using primary
information (where market economy prices exist) and require that secondary
information (e.g., surrogate values) must be shown to be more reliable and
accurate than primary information (e.g., market economy purchase prices) in
order to be used. Another commenter also asserted that market economy purchase
prices are inherently the best available information, and there is nothing in
the statute or the WTO agreements that precludes the use of one producer's
market economy purchase prices to value another producer's factors of
production.

Response to Comments: The Department finds that this amendment to the
Department's regulations comports with U.S. law, and by extension with U.S. WTO
obligations, because this modification is designed to ensure that the Department
is using the best available information to value the factors of production. As
stated in our response to Comment 1 and in the Proposed Rule, when market
economy purchases of an input do not account for substantially all purchases of
the input, the Department finds that a market economy input price is not the
best available information for valuing all purchases of that input, particularly
since it would not be possible to determine objectively whether the price for
the input would have been the same had the firm purchased solely from market
economy suppliers. Moreover, the Department will continue to use valid market
economy purchase prices [4] if the quantity purchased from market economy
suppliers is less than 85 percent of total purchases by weight averaging those
values with a surrogate value, using as weights the relative quantities of the
input imported and purchased from domestic sources.

We agree with the argument that nothing precludes the Department from using
market-based transactions of any number in our calculations, including the
statute and WTO agreements. However, just because we are not precluded from
using a particular value in our analysis does not mean that the value at issue
is the best available or most appropriate on the record. For the reasons stated
above, we believe the amended regulation is fully consistent with section
773(c)(1) of the Act.
Comment 3: Whether the Quantity Purchased Affects the Purchase Price

Some commenters asserted that the Department typically examines a single
company, whose purchases of an input are unlikely to affect the global price of
that input. They assert that only the price of certain commodities might change
depending on the quantity of that input that is purchased, whether that may be
due to inelastic supply, or if the input is thinly traded. Thus, these parties
contended that the Department has provided no justification to now find that the
quantity of an input that a firm can purchase will somehow be able to affect the
price of that input. These commenters proposed that, if such circumstances
exist, the Department could consider limiting the use of market economy purchase
prices in those instances, but that does not justify modifying the regulation to
use market economy purchase prices only when the quantity purchased is greater
than 85 percent.

Response to Comments: As we explained in our response to Comment 1, if a company
purchases only a limited quantity of an input from a market economy supplier, it
is possible that some supply constraint exists (e.g., the import quantity is
limited). Therefore, the Department continues to be concerned that in those
cases, the purchased amount does not constitute a sufficient quantity to be
representative of the input prices that the company would pay to source all of
its purchases from market economy suppliers. On the other hand, if the company
is able to purchase the vast majority of the input (i.e., 85 percent or more)
from market economy suppliers, the Department does not have such concerns. The
Department has therefore concluded that using the market economy purchase price
to value all of a company's inputs when those purchases represent only 33
percent of a company's overall purchases of that input would not be the best
available information to value the factor of production under examination.
Comment 4: Whether the Proposal Creates Different Standards for NME and Market
Economy Producers

Some commenters suggested that the proposal would allow the Department to apply
different standards in NME and market economy cases with respect to the use of
input prices produced in an NME. They asserted that under the proposal, in NME
proceedings the Department will no longer accept the price paid by a firm to a
market economy supplier if that input was produced in an NME country. However,
these commenters maintained that in market economy proceedings the Department
will use a market economy firm's costs of an input that was produced in an NME,
unless some exceptions apply. One commenter suggested that if an input was
originally produced in an NME that is different from the NME subject to the
proceeding, then the Department should accept the purchase price of that input
if the firm purchased it from a market economy. Another commenter recommended
that the Department accept the market economy purchase price of an input
originally produced in an NME unless evidence is presented that shows the NME
input producer's records are not kept in accordance with the local GAAP or shows
that the price is otherwise distorted.

Response to Comments: The Department agrees that there is a difference between
market economy and NME practice with respect to the use of inputs produced in an
NME; however, this does not reflect a change from current practice, and this
difference in methodology is inherent in the statute. In calculating the cost of
production or constructed value in market economy antidumping cases, the statute
requires that the Department use the actual costs of purchases and makes no
mention of limiting those costs by the country from which an input is purchased.
[5] Conversely, section 773(c)(1) of the Act provides that in NME cases the
Department shall determine the normal value using a factors of production
methodology if the merchandise is exported from an NME and the information does
not permit the calculation of normal value using home-market prices,
third-country prices, or constructed value under section 773(a) of the Act. The
Department bases normal value on the factors of production because the
government's extensive role in the economy renders price comparisons and the
calculation of production costs invalid under the Department's normal
methodologies. Accordingly, this argument is not directed at the proposed
amendment to the Department's regulations but at the statutory NME provision
itself. We therefore find that these comments are outside the scope of the
request and to implement such changes would require amendment of the statute.
Thus, we have not adopted these suggested changes.
Comment 5: Criteria for When the Department Will Accept a Respondent's Market
Economy Purchases

Some commenters support the Department's proposed modification but requested
that the Department clarify and/or tighten its current practice with respect to
when it will accept a firm's market economy purchase prices. Specifically, some
commenters requested that the Department require firms to provide evidence that
their inputs were actually produced in a market economy country. These
commenters also requested that in finalizing this modification, the Department
reiterate that it will not accept market economy purchases: (1) That are dumped;
(2) from a country that maintains general export subsidies; (3) that are not
"bona fide;" or (4) that are purchased from an affiliate. Additionally, one
commenter requested that the Department revise its questionnaire to ask firms
for detailed information concerning their market economy purchases to aid in the
Department's analysis. This commenter advocated that the Department question
whether the input purchased reflects the same type, grade, and quality of the
input used in the production of the subject merchandise, and whether respondent
can demonstrate that the input was actually used in the production of subject
merchandise.

Response to Comments: With this modification, the Department will continue its
practice of disregarding market economy purchase prices that: (1) May have been
dumped (e.g., the country covered by our proceeding has an antidumping measure
on the input from the source country); (2) are from a country that the
Department has a "reason to believe or suspect" maintains general export
subsidies; (3) are not reflective of bona fide sales based on record evidence;
or (4) are otherwise not acceptable for use in a dumping calculation (i.e.
record evidence demonstrates that the purchases are from an affiliate and are
not made at arm's length). The Department has therefore determined that there is
no further need to clarify or modify the Department's practice in this regard.

With respect to the comment that firms should be required to provide evidence
that their inputs were produced in a market economy country, in the standard NME
questionnaire the Department currently requests that respondents provide
evidence identifying the country of origin for where each input was produced.
Therefore, since the Department already requests such information from
respondents, we do not find that such a requirement needs to be included in the
modification of the regulation.

Finally, the Department is not revising its questionnaire to require respondents
to demonstrate that certain inputs were the actual inputs used in the production
of merchandise exported to the United States, and therefore subject to an
antidumping duty order. The Department calculates a company's costs of
production (in market economy cases) and factors of production (in NME cases)
based on the merchandise the company has produced, and not on the market in
which such merchandise is sold. The inputs used in the production of subject
merchandise are often fungible and thus may be used in the production of
merchandise destined for the home market, the United States or other export
markets. Indeed, it is the Department's experience that while companies may, in
some cases, have the ability to distinguish between otherwise fungible inputs
based solely on the source and/or price of the input and the destination of the
subject merchandise, the calculation of normal value may also be subject to
distortion on this basis. [6] Specifically, a determination of normal value
should not depend upon a respondent's ability to demonstrate that it selected
particular inputs for use in the production of merchandise destined for the
United States versus the production of merchandise sold in other markets,
particularly when such a selection might have been based solely on the price of
inputs that were otherwise fungible.

For this reason, the Department's NME questionnaire, at Section D, specifically
requires that respondents report factors of production information for all
models or product types used to produce one unit of the "merchandise under
consideration," [7] which the Department defines as merchandise that meets the
physical description of the scope of the antidumping duty order, "regardless of
whether or not destined for the U.S. market." [8] Accordingly, we are not making
the requested change to our questionnaire.
Comment 6: Economic Comparability of Input/Supplier Country

One commenter asserted that the Department should modify the Proposed Rule such
that in order for the Department to use a market economy purchase price, the
market economy input must be purchased from an economically comparable country
that is also a significant producer of comparable merchandise, consistent with
section 773(c)(4) of the Act.

Response to Comment: The Act contains no requirement that the Department use
only market economy purchase prices from a country that is economically
comparable to the NME country and also a significant producer of comparable
merchandise. Rather, these are requirements imposed when applying surrogate
values from a third country. Therefore, we have not adopted this suggested
change.
Comment 7: Effective Date

Two commenters requested that the Proposed Rule be applied prospectively in
order to give parties a chance to change their purchasing behavior.
Specifically, they asserted that any such change in practice should only be
applied in investigations and/or reviews that cover entries of subject
merchandise that entered the United States after the effective date of the
change in practice.

Response to Comments: If the Department were to delay implementation as
suggested by those commenters, the effect would be a year or more of entries,
investigations and reviews not affected by this modification to our regulations.
The Department will make this modification effective for proceedings or segments
of proceedings that are initiated on or after 30 days following the publication
of this Final Rule. This change is intended and designed to ensure that the
Department is relying on the best available information to value a firm's
factors of production; thus, the Department does not believe that it should
delay the effective date of this modification.
Comment 8: Allegation of Clerical Errors

One commenter asserted that the Department made clerical errors in the Proposed
Rule that need to be fixed. Specifically, this commenter recommended that the
Department (1) add the word "and" before "purchased," and (2) use a lowercase
"i" for the word "if" in the second sentence of its proposed modification of the
regulation.

Response to Comments: The Department notes that these clerical errors appeared
in the section of the Proposed Rule entitled, "Explanation of Proposed
Modification to 19 CFR 351.408," as printed. However, the proposed revised
regulatory text at the end of the Proposed Rule did not contain these errors.
Therefore, the Department has not made any changes to the final modification of
this regulation, but it has made the explanation of the final modification
clearer based on the typographical errors in the Proposed Rule.
Classification Back to Top
Executive Order 12866

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866.
Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis

Pursuant to the requirements of 5 U.S.C. 604, the Department has prepared the
following Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis.
1. A Statement of the Need for, and Objectives of, the Rule

The final rule is intended to revise 19 CFR 351.408(c)(1) to establish that in
valuing factors of production in antidumping proceedings involving NMEs, if
substantially all of an input is purchased from market economy suppliers as a
share of total purchases of that input from all sources during the investigation
or review period, the Department will use the weighted-average purchase price
paid to market economy suppliers to value all of the input. Further, the final
rule is also intended to add a requirement to 19 CFR 351.408(c)(1) that the
market economy input at issue actually be produced in one or more market economy
countries, and not just be sold through market economy countries.

The legal basis for this final rule is 5 U.S.C. 301; 19 U.S.C. 1202 note; 19
U.S.C. 1303 note; and 19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq. No other Federal rules duplicate,
overlap or conflict with this final rule.
2. A Statement of Significant Issues Raised by the Public Comments in Response
to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, a Statement of the Assessment of
the Agency of Such Issues, and a Statement of Any Changes in the Proposed Rule
as a Result of Such Comments

The Department received no comments concerning the Initial Regulatory
Flexibility Analysis or the economic impacts of the rule more generally.
3. The Response of the Agency to Any Comments Filed by the Chief Counsel for
Advocacy of the Small Business Administration in Response to the Proposed Rule,
and a Detailed Statement of Any Change Made to the Proposed Rule in the Final
Rule as a Result of the Comments

The Department received no comments from the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the
Small Business Administration.
4. A Description of and an Estimate of the Number of Small Entities to Which the
Rule Will Apply or an Explanation of Why No Such Estimate Is Available

The final rule regulates entities that are: (1) Producing merchandise in an NME
that is exported to the United States and is subject to an antidumping duty
order; (2) being individually examined in an antidumping proceeding; and (3)
claiming that market economy purchase prices should be used to value a factor of
production in the calculation of the exporter's weighted-average dumping margin
and antidumping duty assessment rate. The resulting antidumping duty assessment
rate determines the amount of antidumping duties to be paid by importers of
record of the subject merchandise imported into the United States.

Entities which produce and export merchandise subject to U.S. antidumping duty
orders are rarely U.S. companies. Some producers and exporters of subject
merchandise do have U.S. affiliates, some of which may be considered small
entities under the appropriate Small Business Administration (SBA) small
business size standard. The Department is not able to estimate the number of
exporters and producer domestic affiliates which may be considered small
entities, but anticipates, based on its experience in these proceedings, that
the number will not be substantial.

Importers may be U.S. or foreign companies, and some of these entities may be
considered small entities under the appropriate SBA small business size
standard. There are no means by which the Department can readily determine
whether or not a substantial number of small importers will be impacted by this
rule, as the effect of the Department's change in methodology will differ from
proceeding to proceeding, on a case-by-case basis, and the importers depositing
cash deposits and/or paying antidumping duties will also differ from proceeding
to proceeding.
5. A Description of the Projected Reporting, Recordkeeping, and Other Compliance
Requirements of the Final Rule

The final rule will require exporters or producers to establish on the
administrative record that 85 percent or more of an input has been purchased
from market economy suppliers from one or more market economy countries as a
share of total purchases of that input from all sources (domestic and foreign)
during a particular period of investigation or administrative review, if the
exporter or producer wishes the Department to use the weighted-average purchase
price paid to the market economy supplier(s) to value all of the input (from all
sources). Furthermore, the final rule will require that exporters or producers
also establish on the administrative record that the market economy input at
issue was produced in a market economy, rather than merely being sold through a
market economy supplier. There will be no additional reporting or recordkeeping
burdens on U.S. importers as a result of this rule.
6. A Description of the Steps the Agency Has Taken To Minimize the Significant
Economic Impact on Small Entities Consistent With the Stated Objectives of
Applicable Statutes, Including a Statement of the Factual, Policy, and Legal
Reasons for Selecting the Alternative Adopted in the Final Rule and Why Each of
the Other Significant Alternatives to the Rule Considered by the Agency Which
Affect the Impact on Small Entities Was Rejected

As required by 5 U.S.C. 604(a), the Department's analysis considered significant
alternatives. The alternatives which the Department considered are: (1) The
preferred alternative of modifying 19 CFR 351.408(c)(1) to (a) establish that if
substantially all of an input is purchased from market economy suppliers as a
share of total purchases of that input from all sources during the investigation
or review period, the Department will use the weighted-average purchase price
paid to market economy suppliers to value all of the input and (b) require that
the market economy input at issue actually be produced in one or more market
economy countries, and not just be sold through market economy countries; (2)
modify the regulation with respect to (1)(a), but not (1)(b); (3) modify the
regulation with respect to (1)(b), but not (1)(a); or (4) maintain the status
quo with respect to the valuation of inputs purchased from a market economy
supplier and paid for in a market economy currency.

Factors of production for the subject merchandise will be assigned a value in
the calculation of the weighted-average dumping margin and antidumping duty
assessment rate, whether the assigned value is a market economy purchase price,
a surrogate value from a market economy country, or a combination of the two.
Accordingly, the economic impact of providing information and argument to the
Department in relation to the valuation of the factors of production for
entities individually examined in the Department's antidumping proceedings is
roughly equivalent under each of the above-noted alternatives.

In relation to the possible impact of the alternatives on the amount of
antidumping duties to be paid by importers of record of the subject merchandise,
the value of a factor of production is one of numerous elements in the
calculation of a weighted-average margin of dumping. Whether a particular factor
value will have any impact on the resulting weighted-average dumping margin is
not certain. To the extent that a small U.S. importer will be economically
impacted by this rule, it will only be through an increase or decrease in the
cash deposits and duties posted by that importer as a result in the change of a
weighted-average dumping margin. In those circumstances where a change in the
value of an input as a result of this regulatory modification does have an
impact on the weighted-average dumping margin, the impact to the small U.S.
importer will depend on whether the publicly sourced value is higher or lower
than the market economy purchase price(s).

In this regard, the Department is required by section 773(c)(1)(b) of the Act to
rely on the best information available for valuing the producer's factors of
production. The modification to the regulation addresses the Department's
concerns that a market economy input price may not be the best available
information when: (1) Market economy purchases of an input are insufficient in
proportion to NME purchases for the Department to objectively conclude that the
purchase price for the input would have been the same had the firm purchased
solely from market economy suppliers and (2) the reported pricing of an NME
produced inputs purchased from a market economy supplier (or reseller) can be
distorted by NME cost or supply factors. Accordingly, the Department considers
that the first, preferred alternative is the only alternative that fully
addresses the Department's policy concerns explained in the Background section
of this preamble.
Small Business Compliance Guide

In accordance with Section 212 of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement
Fairness Act of 1996, the agency has published a guide to assist small entities
in complying with the rule. This guide is available on the Department's Web site
at http://ia.ita.doc.gov/tlei/index.html.
Paperwork Reduction Act

This rule does not contain a collection of information for purposes of the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980, as amended (44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.).
List of Subjects in 19 CFR Part 351 Back to Top

Administrative practice and procedure
    Antidumping
    Business and industry
    Cheese
    Confidential business information
    Countervailing duties
    Freedom of information
    Investigations
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

Dated: July 22, 2013.

Paul Piquado,

Assistant Secretary for Import Administration.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                            Mail on Sunday (London)

                            January 25, 2009 Sunday
                                  TRAV Edition

Why were stretching to Premium Economy;
Fred Mawer sees if this affordable, extra luxury class on many airlines is
really worth trying

BYLINE: FRED MAWER

SECTION: Pg. 38

LENGTH: 700 words


Until the Fifties when big passenger jets were introduced, there was only one
airline class: first. Before that, flying had been the preserve of the affluent
who expected to travel in the lap of luxury and were not bothered about the
cost.

It was only when planes got bigger and airlines began to find that they had too
many empty seats and not enough passengers to fill them that it occurred to them
to introduce the economy class although until the advent of Freddie Lakers
low-cost Atlanticservice 30 years ago, even economy-class travel was
ruinouslyexpensive.

At the end of the Seventies, British Airways realised that a substantialnumber
of businesstravellers were not keen on having to fly economy, but company travel
policy prevented them from experiencingthe luxury of first.

So businessclass was born, offeringmany of the comfortsoffirst but at about half
the fare. Surely, three classes served all requirements? economy but without all
the expensive Well, not quite. There were a lot of bells and
whistlesofbusiness.people those flying on leisure as Virgin Atlanticcame up with
well as business who wanted Premium Economy,while British somethingmore
comfortablethan Airways offered its World Traveller Plus and other airlinescame
up with their own alternative.There is no definitive industry standard; airlines
have their own vision for premium economy. So before choosingone airline over
another,itisworth spendingtime comparing what each has to offer.

Premium economy is found almost without exceptiononlong-haul flights.Some
airlineslocate it in a separatecabin. For all airlines,however,you can expect to
enjoy around five to seven inches extra legroom and you will get a wider seat
plus other featuresincluding headrests, leg rests, a better in-flight
entertainment system and a better meal service.

While the principal advantage of paying extra for premium economy is
comfort,there are other attractive benefits. On board you can look forward to a
better meal, a more ready supply of beverages,more generousin-flight snacks and
probablya better class of in-flight entertainment.There are less obvious but
equally attractivedelights.You are likely to have your own toilets,for
instance.And, perhaps best of all, as you will be getting off the plane ahead of
the great mass of economy class passengers if you are flying into America, for
example you will be at the head of the queue for immigrationand customs
(somethingthat can spare you a substantialwait).

If you decide to choose premium economy,bythe way, its worth signing up to the
airlinesair miles scheme to take advantageo f-your additionalexpenditure.Save
your miles wisely and you can look forward to upgradingyourselfonyour next
flight at minimal extra cost.

But remember,asyoure only paying a fairly modest premium on economy rates, you
will get something better but dont expect Rolls-Royce comfort.

Typically,flying from London to Sydney, for example,whether you travel with
British Airways,Qantas or Virgin Atlantic,you can expect to pay from about £420
to £1,052 for a one-way economy single, about £1,100 for one-way premium
economy,and from £1,700 to £3,400 for business.OnLondon to JFK Airport,New York,
one-way economy costs from £169, premiumeconomy from £400 and businessclass from
£937.

The general rule seems to be that airlineswant to price premium economy at twice
as much as economy,while businessclass will be about twice as much as premium
economy.For the next few months, however,asairlinesstrugglefor bookingsonall
routes but particularlyo n long-haul (especiallyinbusinessand premium economy)
,there will be a raft of special deals. In order to fill the plane, airlinesseem
happy to slash prices for premium economy and businessclass.

So if you have a journey planned,its well worth spendingsome time on the
internetcheckingprices and comparingrival deals to get an idea of
airlinespricingpolicy.

Is premium economy worth the additionalcost? It depends how much you value your
comfort.For a very long journey such as travelling to Australia or New Zealand
extra comfort is worth every penny.

On shorter routes, if you can get a premium economy seat for about 20 per cent
more than the economy fare, its worth the cost.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (1) THE GLORY DAYS: Until the Fifties, there was only luxury class as
this advert shows (2) SPACE: The Qantas version, with its comfort and extra
entertainment systems (3) EARLY BIRD: Virgin Atlantic was one of the first to
offer Premium Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2009 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                           December 24, 2001, Monday

Korean Economy at Critical PointLINCOLN, Nebraska _ The Korean economy today is
at a critical point. Since hit hard in late 1997, it has rebounded somewhat by
eliminating the risk factor in its foreign exchange holding. But recession has
visited the Korean economy again in recent years, as its structure remains
feeble and restructuring has stalled after little achievement.

LENGTH: 1509 words


   The recent downturn in the Korean economy is unfortunate because it is caused
mainly by foreign factors. First, there is the collapse of IT industry in the
U.S. The IT industry experienced explosive growth in the late 1990s in the U.S.
first and then in other developed countries, thanks to rapid technological
progress in bio technology, telecommunications, the Internet, and computer
software and hardware. In the process, a large number of bubbles were created
and eventually burst. To make matters worse, other leading economies such as
Japan and Europe are also staggering now.

Korea has witnessed rapid growth in these industries, too. But the Korean
economy depends critically on the exports of goods and services to sustain its
domestic employment and production. As is well known, Korea's major exporting
partners are the U.S. and Japan, which are in a recession at the moment.
Therefore, a collapse in the IT industry in the U.S. led to sharp reduction in
exports in Korea.

Second, despite much effort for and some success in the reform drive, the Korean
economy still remains vulnerable to foreign shocks and cyclical downturns. This
is because it is still structurally weak and inefficiencies abound everywhere,
including the financial and manufacturing sectors. What is worse, the once
energetically driven reform seems to have stalled now, mired by never-ending
scandals and political considerations by the policymakers.

In this bleak situation, the Korean economy faces more challenges in the coming
year. First, and most importantly, Korea will have two major elections. The
gubernatorial and mayoral elections in June and presidential election in
December. These are major political events that require tons of money. This may
create some undesirable situations for the economy.

Economic planning and its implementation may be distorted by political motives,
social unrest may arise as various interest groups raise their voices to grab a
greater share of the pie, government officials may neglect their work if the
opposition appears to be gaining political power, and more violations of the law
and other social disruptions may pass unchecked, leading to even more scandals.

The worst scenario in this context would be that the government prints excessive
amounts of money to spend on the elections. This will cause the inflation rate
to rise and people will pay for it sooner or later.

Second, challenges from abroad will remain tough until very late next year. The
U.S. economy is projected to recover from recession in the second half of next
year, but it will take more time for the Korean economy to benefit from it.
Japan will remain in the swamp and Germany and Italy will see their economies
slowing down next year. This will make it tough for the Korean economy to
recover soon.

The only bright spot will be China. With admission into the World Trade
Organization (WTO), China will increasingly open its economy to the rest of the
world and this has already become apparent in huge amount of foreign direct
investment it has attracted in recent years. The Chinese government's massive
spending on social infrastructure for the 2008 Olympic Games will create a lot
of opportunities for Korean companies.

Third, a new kind of risk may emerge in the international economy next year.
Already this year, countries including Turkey have showed signs of economic
instability and they may face some more trouble next year, burdened with heavy
foreign debt and political instability.

While not very likely, if financial collapse in these countries spreads to
neighboring countries and the rest of the world, the Korean economy will be
unfavorably affected. Korea and other Southeast Asian countries have far less
chance of having difficulties of such a magnitude. In any case, any disturbance
will work adversely in the overall world economy next year.

Fourth, the Korean economy will also have some golden opportunities to take
advantage of next year. The World Cup finals will be held in Korea and Japan,
and the Asian Games in Pusan next year. This creates a huge opportunity for the
tourism and sports industries, and careful planning and effective strategy
setting are warranted.

Any economy faces risks and opportunities all the time and Korean economy is no
exception. The stronger the structure of the economy, the more effectively the
economy can weather the storms. Therefore, the whole thing boils down to how
strong an economic system Korea builds from now on. Many people say, The Korean
economy dances to the DRAM price.'' This elegantly tells you how feeble and
vulnerable Korean economy is.

What should we do to direct the Korean economy in the right direction for next
year and beyond? Political leaders should be keenly aware of the problems I
listed above and try to minimize them. They should not be overly ambitious to
regain political power and instead should work hard by steering the economy and
society in the right direction. Smooth coordination among different branches of
government will be critical for the effective implementation of policies.

In this volatile environment, government leaders should not be lax in the reform
drive. Korean society has still numerous areas to improve and reforming our
society is a must for survival in the future, not a luxury.

Korean society is near chaos now, full of uncertainties and scandals. The Korean
economy is at a critical juncture. The world does not provide a favorable
picture for us. Therefore, political leaders should clean up their house first
and lead the nation with clear conscience and utmost prudence.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 2001 Hankook Ilbo


                              208 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 3, 2000, Monday, Home Edition

'Old' and 'new' economies aid, complement each other

BYLINE: Donald Ratajczak, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Investment Quarterly; Pg. 3S

LENGTH: 840 words

Stock market prices suggest that there are two separate and distinct economies.
One is the "old economy" of brick and mortar, production and distribution. The
other is the "new economy" of technology and economic efficiency.

Not only is the new economy more susceptible to technological efficiencies and
dramatic growth, according to some, it will advance at the expense of the old
economy. Therefore, some of the gains in the new economy are at the expense of
the old economy.

Moreover, the new economy is financed by equity and holds very little
inventories or receivables. As a result, higher interest rates do not increase
finance charges. While rising rates do reduce the value of future earnings, any
rate increases that are designed to contain inflation are temporary and should
not be in place when profits develop.

Of course, the old economy does have inventories, receivables and a substantial
amount of debt supporting its machinery and equipment.

Rising interest rates immediately raise costs and reduce profits in this
economy. As a result, stock values can fall for the old economy mainstays while
they continue to rise for the technology upstarts.

On the surface, all of these arguments appear to be plausible. Certainly, the
separate performance of the two stock groups is compelling. However, when the
new economy stocks stumbled recently, the old economy stocks rebounded.

Such a rotation in investment is more suggestive of investors looking for the
hot hand rather than for reasoned evaluations of the worth of sectors. In other
words, stock performance still dominates, and those fund managers not playing
the hot hand need to sell what is not now working and put the proceeds to work
where prices are rising.

In fact, the two economies are not as separate as investors like to believe.

Companies that are Web-enabling businesses are currently among the hottest
stocks. But the companies that are Web-enabled must continue to do business, or
there are no customers for the Web enablers.

Then there are the activities that are enhanced because workers are more
productive.

The restaurants that serve the technocrats still will get their appropriate
returns if they remain well-focused. The equipment in hospitals will change
dramatically, and the drugs that are prescribed will be much more effective (at
least until the bugs mutate), but medical service still will require hospitals,
clinics and service for patients.

Even the financial sector will continue to allocate capital in as efficient a
manner as possible. The merger of Germany's Deutsche Bank with Dresdner Bank
shows that large financial institutions will be more decision-makers and less
transaction facilitators. The merger creates the largest bank in the world, but
it is planning to spin off its retailing activity within three years.

Nevertheless, the allocation of capital and the efficient gathering of capital
will become the dominant activity of financial institutions. Transactions will
become a commodity service, very much like stock transfers are done on a service
basis.

In the final analysis, the new economy will change how business reacts to
business but will not seriously penetrate how business deals with consumers.

Of the $ 6.5 trillion in consumer spending, less than $ 200 billion is expected
to be spent using only the new technology within five years, according to most
expert estimates.

To be sure, those not using this technology may be pushed aside, because the
efficiencies can be substantial. Any activity that requires more than one
movement of paper can be enhanced by electronic entry and transmission. Removing
the handling between entry and final outcome also reduces the opportunity for
error.

In short, the new economy makes the old economy more efficient.

Those stodgy manufacturers increased their production by nearly 4 percent last
year while reducing their employment by more than a quarter million. The
productivity gains that were achieved rival the performance of the new economy.

Furthermore, most of the customers of the new economy are businesses in the old
economy. Although stock values may diverge for a short period of time because of
the promises offered by the new technology, actually reducing the valuations of
old companies should not persist too long. Restaurants and lodging companies
should not sell at their lowest multiples relative to earnings of the decade.

Financial institutions probably will be more efficient treating transactions as
a commodity and decision-making as the value added. Therefore, they should not
be selling so low that their dividend yields are higher than the yields on the
CDs that they offer.

There are differences between the two economies, but there is more
complementarity than competitiveness between the two.

So far investors have not seen how dependent each economy is upon the other.
But they will someday.

Director of the Economic Forecasting Center at Georgia State University
e-mail: ratajczak@gsu.edu

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              209 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     January 25, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Private Network of 50,000+ Professors "Weighs In" on US Economy & Donald Trump

BYLINE: Faculty Row

LENGTH: 1169  words


New York, NY,  January 25, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Faculty Row announces the results
of a poll of its members indicating that few believe incoming President Trump's
policies will help the American economy.

Following up on its 2013 poll which asked over 50,000 professors to rate the US
economy, Faculty Row, in conjunction with Political Science, and Election
Expert, Professor David A. Schultz of Hamline University - recently asked
professors to rate the US economy on a scale of 1-10, with a rating of "1"
indicating that the economy is the worst that it has ever been and "10" being
the best. Faculty Row also asked professors to evaluate whether they thought
Donald Trump's policies would help the American economy and offer any sort of
economic advice to Trump.

According to Schultz, "Professors in the Faculty Row survey generally give the
US economy mixed reviews. While it has many strengths, there are structural
problems including economic inequalities and tax policy issues that need to be
addressed. Many of the professors are skeptical about Trump's policies but see
potential in his call for more infrastructure investment."

According to Jeffrey C. Finder, Founder of Faculty Row, "The US Economy has some
major hurdles ahead that go well beyond the sourcing of jobs outside of the US.
Technology is continually bypassing human labor in almost every industry. This
is a fundamental problem that will be difficult to solve no matter which people
or policies are implemented. Donald Trump is an astute business man, however not
every problem has a solution."

Professors with expertise in various disciplines, including political science,
ethics, finance, social studies, history, and economics took part in the survey.
The numerical average amassed from 25 sampled professors, across various
disciplines produced a rating of '5' out of 10 regarding the current state of
the US economy.

Comments from Faculty Row professors express concern regarding Trump's anti-free
trade proposals and calls for more protectionism. They urge him to invest more
in infrastructure and medical research. Some also express worry that Trump's
business holdings might pose conflicts of interest that will hurt or impede
economic reforms that benefit the US economy. Many professors surveyed suggest
that Trump should divest all of his assets and create a blind trust.

Here are some of Faculty Row's educators' responses from the survey:

NYU Professor Joel Rogers of the Tandon School of Engineering believes that the
US economy is mediocre and rates it as a "5" on a scale of 1-10. Professor
Rogers' advice to the Trump Administration is to make reforming our current
education system a priority if we want to remain competitive with most advanced
countries. "In my experience, teaching mathematics, students at all levels need
to learn how to Think. In mathematics, rote learning is the rule, from
kindergarten through graduate school. We pay lip service to teaching how to
analyze and solve problems, but it is only lip service, usually a device to get
contracts to talk about the problem."

USC Professor of Medicine, Laurie DeLeve, believes that the US economy is
"currently a '9' on a scale of 1-10, but is a '6' in regards to income
inequality." Professor DeLeve believes that Trump's proposals will hurt the
economy.

Both Professor of Political Science from Purdue, James Lutz, and Professor Linda
Zatlin of Morehouse College believe that the US economy is currently at an "8"
on a scale of 1-10. They believe that Trump's policies will hurt the US economy
and suggest that Trump maintain free trade.

Professor Russell Bailey of Providence College rates the US economy as a '6' and
believes that Trump's proposals will hurt the economy. Professor Bailey suggests
that we must, "Emphasize globalization and relatively free trade, and build
intercontinental, interregional, international trade agreements and
partnerships, including progressive immigration opportunities."

Professor Mike Shipman of Pennsylvania College of Technology rates the current
US economy as a '6' and states that Trump's proposals, "If similar to Reagan, as
Trump has alluded, will result in a short-term boom to an already rising
economy. Inflation and income growth will occur, and everyone will do better in
the short-term, but the wealthy will reap more benefits than the middle and
lower classes."

Professor Shipman advice to Trump in terms of helping the US economy essentially
involves staying out of it. "To best help the U.S. economy, I think the Trump
administration should get out of its own way and try not to do too much. The
economy is fixing itself. Want to cut taxes? Okay, but don't do it for the rich,
because they don't need the cuts. Want to simplify the tax code? Great, but
don't extend a 'repatriation holiday' because Bush proved it doesn't result in
increased investment in U.S. manufacturing. Want to deregulate industries? A
little can be okay, but don't overdo it. It's called moderation, smaller
government, less interference, and only getting involved in areas where your
expertise is needed."

While a majority of Faculty Row's professors surveyed believe that Trump's
proposed policies will hurt the US economy, a few professors believe that
Trump's proposals would be beneficial to the US economy. Michael Busler, a
professor of finance at Stockton University, rates the current US economy as a
"3" and states, "Trump's cut on taxes for all Americans including the wealthy
will increase demand from the middle class and provide investment capital for
growth from higher income earners."

Professor Canovatchel of Champlain College also believes that Trump's proposals
will help the US economy. Professor Canovatchel rates the US economy as a "5"
and further suggests, "We need to increase manufacturing jobs, make the Chinese
accountable for their economic policies, reign in unproductive spending, and
implement tax cuts for the middle class."

Distinguished Professor of Economics, Robert Wright of Augustana University,
rates the US economy as a "3" and believes that Trump's policies will further
hurt the economy. However, Professor Wright states that, "We need more economic
freedom. That means lower taxes, much less regulation, and much less uncertainty
about future policies across the board, from education to health care to income
security."

At a time when predictions on the US economy are running freely amidst a
transfer of power between two presidential administrations, the 25 professors
are split between high hopes, reservations, and indications of a long road ahead
for the incoming Trump Administration.

Faculty Row is a Private Network originally developed for educators and
researchers to connect, collaborate, and share ideas nationally. Faculty Row is
now the leading network of experts for over 100,000 academics globally. Faculty
Row's core goal consists of shining light on academic intelligence. For more
information, visit our website: www.FacultyRow.com

Contact Kira Narine

Media@FacultyRow.com

(747) 333-8359

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                             March 29, 2015 Sunday

Kyrgyzstan adopts measures to reduce the shadow economy

BYLINE: Maria Levina

LENGTH: 663  words


Kyrgyzstan's state budget loses 40 percent of revenues because of non-payment
and concealment of taxes. In different sectors of economy, working people do not
submit their tax declarations. The shadow turnover is mainly observed in the
services industry, agriculture, construction, and individual entrepreneurship.

According to entrepreneurs, they have to go underground due to high taxes and
contributions to the Social Fund, as well as inefficient tax administration,
opaque legislation and corruption.

On March 27, Kyrgyzstans Government discussed measures to reduce the shadow
economy. According to First Deputy Prime Minister Taiyrbek Sarpashev, the
Interdepartmental Commission has drafted a Government program to reduce the
shadow economy for 2015-2017.

The Commission conducted a study of fiscal policy and control functions,
information policy, and regulatory mechanisms in the financial sector, and
investigated the accounting of raw materials, operations in tourism,
construction and real estate services.

The shadow economy seriously affects economic development, threatens the
country's economic security, and contributes to corruption in all sectors of the
economy. The informal economy is a fertile soil for organized crime, and it also
causes significant damage to the state system of equitable distribution of
national wealth, Sarpashev said.

According to experts, the maximum size of the shadow economy, 58% of GDP, was
recorded between 1998 and 2001. Since 2001, it began to decline gradually, and
reached 48% of GDP in 2014. In 2014, the budget did not receive 57.3 billion
soms ($974 million) due to the shadow economy. Since independence the state
budget has lost around $6 billion due to unpaid taxes.

Economy Minister Temir Sariyev told about measures aimed at reducing the shadow
economy. The Government proposed to adopt a medium-term program to improve the
patent taxation and introduce simplified reporting for small and medium-sized
businesses, especially to tax authorities.

The growing shadow economy threatens national security, said the minister,
adding that there is no country in the world without this economic phenomenon.
Even in the developed countries of the European Union, the level of the shadow
economy is 19 percent of GDP.

2015 was declared the year of strengthening the economy in Kyrgyzstan, and
legalization of the shadow economy, which accounts for a third of the total
economy, is among priority tasks for the state.

The Government has to start negotiations with business to withdraw from the
shadows. As part of activities related to Kyrgyzstans accession to the Eurasian
Economic Union, the country has to maximize the transparency of the collection
of customs revenues, which in turn will reduce the level of the shadow economy.

According to Sariyev, the local authorities did not take part in the development
of the action plan to reduce the shadow economy. It is an alarming fact that a
lot of decisions have not reached the public in the regions, and control of the
state has been lost. The Government's decisions were often rejected on the spot,
he said. Later on March 27, Director the State Agency for Local Self-Government,
Naken Kasiev, was fired.

The Government was also recommended to develop small and medium-sized businesses
through tax incentives and exemptions, to be included in the Tax Code.

In Kyrgyzstan, the shadow economy is now at 40-60%, Prime Minister Joomart
Otorbayev said. It is necessary to introduce cashless payments in the country.
"We want to increase the number of terminals. The Tax Code will provide that if
a company makes cashless payments, sales tax will be reduced for it," said
Otorbayev.

The Government plans to study the shadow economy and develop a unified state
policy to reduce it. Working groups to develop effective measures in the
financial sector and improve the accounting of raw materials, goods, operations
in tourism, construction, and real estate services have already been
established.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Shadow economy's rising activity, impact;
Tax reform may encourage more to declare earnings, raising revenue

BYLINE: Neil Behrmann; in London

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 833 words


THE global economy, especially emerging markets, is growing much faster than
official figures state.

The reason is that the underground, shadow economy, now accounts for an
increasing share of economic activity. The shadow economy comprises people who
can't find a full-time or regular job. People range from artisans, cleaners,
gardeners, vendors and even specialists in IT and Web designs. These workers,
who receive cash and either pay no tax or only a portion to the Inland Revenue
Services (IRS), are part of this shadow, informal economy.

Since unemployment in developed nation members of the Organisation for Economic
Co-operation and Development (OECD) has remained at around 47 million people and
the International Labour Organisation estimates that globally the jobless total
202 million, masses of men and women scrape a living in the shadow economy. The
underground economy also comprises drug dealing and other illegal activities
which have boosted money laundering around the world. Legal and illegal
immigrants who cannot obtain formal jobs and neither pay tax nor social
insurance also tend to be participants in the informal economy.

The informal economy has been prevalent in emerging nations for decades, but
since the great recession, it has grown in tandem with unemployment in the
developed world. In Spain, Greece and other stricken European economies, shadow
transactions have risen considerably and account for a sizeable share of the
overall size of the economy (see table). Statistics on the informal economy vary
considerably. In China, it was estimated that 160 million people worked in the
underground economy - 22 per cent of the official labour force, estimates the
Institute of Economic Affairs (IEA). In India, just over two hundred million
people worked illicitly - around 50 per cent of the official labour force. In
Indonesia, the third-most populous country in this group, 36.7 million people
were engaged in informal economic activities; this corresponds to 37 per cent of
the official labour force. On the whole, the informal economy labour force in
these Asian countries made up 47 per cent of the official labour force and 20
per cent of the population, according to some estimates.

A study by Edgar L Feige, Professor of Economics Emeritus at the University of
Wisconsin-Madison, estimates that underground activity in the US totalled a
whopping US$2 trillion, equivalent to 13.3 per cent of the US economy. In a
recent interview, Prof Feige said that there was "no question this shadow
economy has been increasing dramatically in the last two or three years". Since
1997, it has doubled in the US economy and is now approaching the records last
seen during World War II when there were strict price controls and rationing.

The underground economy is a double edged sword. On the positive side, the
workers are also consumers and their consumption boosts the global economy. Also
unemployment rates may be overstating the degree of unemployment because it does
not measure those working unofficially, maintains Prof Feige.

On the negative side, those working and not paying the taxes place a burden on
those who pay their taxes, economists say. Taxes could be lower if the
government were able to obtain more revenue from the underground economy instead
of raising taxes on employees and businesses who are following the law. Prof
Feige estimates that the IRS in the US loses about US$400-500 billion. The
figures also illustrate that the State has less to spend on education, hospitals
and other departments which would also benefit underground workers who need
these services. Moreover, unscrupulous employers also exploit immigrants and
other illegal workers by paying them under the minimum wage and make them work
many hours.

A study by the IEA says that there could be three broad policy options for
dealing with the shadow economy: doing nothing which leaves intact the existing
negative impacts on legitimate and shadow work as well as on customers and
governments; second, eradication which would stamp out the entrepreneurship and
enterprise culture that governments wish to nurture. The third measure is to
legitimise the shadow economy by making it more formal. This, according to some
economists, would involve tax reform, notably much lower taxation in the
country, to encourage more people to declare all their earnings, and wider sales
tax and other indirect taxation.

Russia is a prime example as individual taxation was cut to a flat rate of 13
per cent and as a result, the country drew in more revenue.

Prof Feige proposes a single comprehensive "revenue neutral" Automated Payment
Transaction (APT) tax. "It would be a flat-rate tax levied on all voluntary
transactions, hitting the broadest conceivable tax base and therefore requiring
the lowest conceivable marginal tax rate."

APT would "significantly lower corporate and individual income tax rates by
using the revenues obtained from taxing financial transactions", he contends.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            December 27, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

mile-high dining

BYLINE: Michael Smith

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 1061 words


Meals Airlines are nothing if not experimental with the dining experience,
Michael Smith writes.

Qantas

Virgin Australia

In early 2009, airline passenger Oliver Beale wrote a letter of complaint to
Richard Branson which resonated with millions of travellers globally. He
described his in-flight dining experience with Virgin, on aMumbai to Heathrow
leg, as a "culinary journey of hell".

He claimed that "by the end of the flight, I would have gladly paid over 1000
rupees for a single biscuit".

I know what he means; I've lost count of the times in the past decade, sitting
down the wrong end, I've pulled back the foil to reveal a pile of congealed
goop, rubbery sausage or a tongue-scalding cheese melt.

This is a perception that airline public relations departments are keen to
change. Food and beverage is the new battleground in the aviation world where
every carrier worth its weight in frequent flyer points has its own celebrity
chef.

And it's true that what frequent flyers putinto their mouths at 30,000 feet,
particularly in the ferociously competitive Australian market, has undergone a
renaissance - at the front of the plane.

But have inflight dining standards really come full circle since the glory days
of the 1960s when Pan Am waiters in black tie would serve lobster thermidor and
Beluga caviar in spacious 737 cabins?

It can still be pretty average in economy. Towards the end of a nine-hour
long-haul flight earlier this year all we could get was a heated-up panini,
which revived memories of the cheap supermarket pizzas I used to microwave in my
student days.More executives sitting down the back

David Flynn, editor of Australian Business Traveller, sums it up perfectly:
"Downthe back of the bus, economy mealsrarely rate above food-court-grade
stomach-fillers." With companies increasingly cutting back on business travel,
more executives than ever before are getting a taste of lifein economy class.
Come the holiday season, plenty of others who are used to flying business or
first when the company is paying, choose economy when travelling means buying
tickets for the whole family.

Qantas has Sydney restaurateur Neil Perry working overtime on innovative ways to
wow travellers and Virgin has Luke Mangan personally training staff in its
inner-city Sydney kitchens, but there is a lot less talk about what is going on
in economy class.

There are subtle changes though. Cattle class is more likely to get an apple
than a soggy sandwich on an off-peak domestic flight. Surprisingly, no one is
complaining.

"People could quite easily look at it and say the airline is just trying to save
money because it is not a full main meal," says Virgin Australia's chief
customer officer Mark Hassell. "What we have done is stand back from that and
say, 'what is the construction of an off-peak appropriate grazing plate?' "

Virgin, for example, serves a pumpkin feta salad with fresh mint and a cheese
plateon some flights instead of a stodgy main meal. "You have to get the balance
right between indulgence and health," Hassell says.

There is no doubt passengers are fussier than ever. People fly more often and
Australians generally have become more finicky about their grub.Tasting menus,
grazing plates, and squares of chocolates with unpronounceable names are de
rigeur in an industry where the pressure to differentiate yourself from the next
new Asian or Middle Eastern airline is unprecedented.

International a 'different kettle of fish'"How far we have come is just
incredible," says Perry, who believes the aim of airline food is to embrace
local producers and challenge the notion of traditional food.

Food onshort-haul economy flights may be less substantial, he says, but what
passengers are given becomes far more important on a long-haul journey.
"International is a different kettle of fish. People get on-board feeling like
they want to be entertained. Certainly their holiday starts from then."

Social media and websites like AirlineMeals.net also mean one bad culinary
experience is just a food blogger's tweet away.

One change is that everyone, from economy to first-class travellers, wants
healthier, lighter meals these days.

Says Flynn: "I'd like to see airlines shift their emphasis away from the
traditional, big meal mindset towards two smaller servings, such as a fresh
half-baguette with healthy fillings."

Passengers are also being given more choices about when as well as what they
eat.

Along with dining-in lounges, they can pre-order meals. Qantas has a service
called Select on Q-Eat for business and premium economy-class travellers so they
can eat when they want and avoid being woken up for meals. It is something even
the humble economy class traveller can experience, with carriers like Tigerair
in Asia.

Some, like Cathay Pacific, nailed the importance of snacking years ago, offering
passengers cup noodles and ice cream any time they asked. Singapore Airlines'
cabin crew must also be congratulated for their innate ability to constantly
refill my wine glass when I am travelling economy.

This Christmas, Japan Airlines was serving KFC on international flights.

Food and flying are not natural bedfellows. The logistics of packaging,
transporting, stowing, and cooking a meal for 300 at an altitude which is
already playing games with the average human's taste buds is a science all on
its own.

Perry argues the impact of altitude on food quality is often overstated though.

"Tasting in the air is only marginally off. It is to do with the dehydration of
the tongue in low humidity. If it tastes good on the ground it tastes good in
the air. We don't reheat, we cook things in the air," he says.

Perry also says new, modern cooking techniques are also being constantly
explored and training cabin crew is crucial to the final product.

The boom in low-cost airlines has transformed the short-haul economy experience
into something that is closer to a visit to yourlocal 7-11. But it's true there
have been subtle improvements on longer flights.

Meanwhile, it is a different ball game up the front:there are wine lists that
would put a five-star restaurant to shame and dishes showcasing produce from
every corner of the globe.

If you are down the back and like to snack, I'd still recommend stocking up on
your favourite food before you fly.READ NEXT: How flight attendants are becoming
food retailers Qantas HK lounge to offer Rockpool dining

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: First class Rockpool Bar + Grill style roast Murraylands lamb
rack with potato and silver beet gratin, asparagus and your choice of mint jelly
or harissa . Business class Steamed blue eye cod Jiangxi-style with mustard
greens and chilli, steamed rice and gai lan *Qantas didn't provide an economy
meal for photography. Premium economy* Barramundi with Moroccan braised lentils
and sweet potato puree. Business class Blue eye cod fillet with roasted baby
fennel topped with tomato, caper, olive and basil dressing. Premium economy
Borlotti bean moussaka with a parmesan panko crust. Economy Chicken cacciatore:
chicken breast in tomato -based sauce with Italian herbs. With risoni and green
beans. Served with vinaigrette and chocolate mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool
Bar + Grill style roast Murraylands lamb rack with potato and silver beet
gratin, asparagus and your choice of mint jelly or harissa . Business class
Steamed blue eye cod Jiangxi-style with mustard greens and chilli, steamed rice
and gai lan *Qantas didn't provide an economy meal for photography. Premium
economy* Barramundi with Moroccan braised lentils and sweet potato puree.
Business class Blue eye cod fillet with roasted baby fennel topped with tomato,
caper, olive and basil dressing. Premium economy Borlotti bean moussaka with a
parmesan panko crust. Economy Chicken cacciatore: chicken breast in tomato
-based sauce with Italian herbs. With risoni and green beans. Served with
vinaigrette and chocolate mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool Bar + Grill style
roast Murraylands lamb rack with potato and silver beet gratin, asparagus and
your choice of mint jelly or harissa . Business class Steamed blue eye cod
Jiangxi-style with mustard greens and chilli, steamed rice and gai lan *Qantas
didn't provide an economy meal for photography. Premium economy* Barramundi with
Moroccan braised lentils and sweet potato puree. Business class Blue eye cod
fillet with roasted baby fennel topped with tomato, caper, olive and basil
dressing. Premium economy Borlotti bean moussaka with a parmesan panko crust.
Economy Chicken cacciatore: chicken breast in tomato -based sauce with Italian
herbs. With risoni and green beans. Served with vinaigrette and chocolate
mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool Bar + Grill style roast Murraylands lamb
rack with potato and silver beet gratin, asparagus and your choice of mint jelly
or harissa . Business class Steamed blue eye cod Jiangxi-style with mustard
greens and chilli, steamed rice and gai lan *Qantas didn't provide an economy
meal for photography. Premium economy* Barramundi with Moroccan braised lentils
and sweet potato puree. Business class Blue eye cod fillet with roasted baby
fennel topped with tomato, caper, olive and basil dressing. Premium economy
Borlotti bean moussaka with a parmesan panko crust. Economy Chicken cacciatore:
chicken breast in tomato -based sauce with Italian herbs. With risoni and green
beans. Served with vinaigrette and chocolate mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool
Bar + Grill style roast Murraylands lamb rack with potato and silver beet
gratin, asparagus and your choice of mint jelly or harissa . Business class
Steamed blue eye cod Jiangxi-style with mustard greens and chilli, steamed rice
and gai lan *Qantas didn't provide an economy meal for photography. Premium
economy* Barramundi with Moroccan braised lentils and sweet potato puree.
Business class Blue eye cod fillet with roasted baby fennel topped with tomato,
caper, olive and basil dressing. Premium economy Borlotti bean moussaka with a
parmesan panko crust. Economy Chicken cacciatore: chicken breast in tomato
-based sauce with Italian herbs. With risoni and green beans. Served with
vinaigrette and chocolate mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool Bar + Grill style
roast Murraylands lamb rack with potato and silver beet gratin, asparagus and
your choice of mint jelly or harissa . Business class Steamed blue eye cod
Jiangxi-style with mustard greens and chilli, steamed rice and gai lan *Qantas
didn't provide an economy meal for photography. Premium economy* Barramundi with
Moroccan braised lentils and sweet potato puree. Business class Blue eye cod
fillet with roasted baby fennel topped with tomato, caper, olive and basil
dressing. Premium economy Borlotti bean moussaka with a parmesan panko crust.
Economy Chicken cacciatore: chicken breast in tomato -based sauce with Italian
herbs. With risoni and green beans. Served with vinaigrette and chocolate
mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool Bar + Grill style roast Murraylands lamb
rack with potato and silver beet gratin, asparagus and your choice of mint jelly
or harissa . Business class Steamed blue eye cod Jiangxi-style with mustard
greens and chilli, steamed rice and gai lan *Qantas didn't provide an economy
meal for photography. Premium economy* Barramundi with Moroccan braised lentils
and sweet potato puree. Business class Blue eye cod fillet with roasted baby
fennel topped with tomato, caper, olive and basil dressing. Premium economy
Borlotti bean moussaka with a parmesan panko crust. Economy Chicken cacciatore:
chicken breast in tomato -based sauce with Italian herbs. With risoni and green
beans. Served with vinaigrette and chocolate mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool
Bar + Grill style roast Murraylands lamb rack with potato and silver beet
gratin, asparagus and your choice of mint jelly or harissa . Business class
Steamed blue eye cod Jiangxi-style with mustard greens and chilli, steamed rice
and gai lan *Qantas didn't provide an economy meal for photography. Premium
economy* Barramundi with Moroccan braised lentils and sweet potato puree.
Business class Blue eye cod fillet with roasted baby fennel topped with tomato,
caper, olive and basil dressing. Premium economy Borlotti bean moussaka with a
parmesan panko crust. Economy Chicken cacciatore: chicken breast in tomato
-based sauce with Italian herbs. With risoni and green beans. Served with
vinaigrette and chocolate mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool Bar + Grill style
roast Murraylands lamb rack with potato and silver beet gratin, asparagus and
your choice of mint jelly or harissa . Business class Steamed blue eye cod
Jiangxi-style with mustard greens and chilli, steamed rice and gai lan *Qantas
didn't provide an economy meal for photography. Premium economy* Barramundi with
Moroccan braised lentils and sweet potato puree. Business class Blue eye cod
fillet with roasted baby fennel topped with tomato, caper, olive and basil
dressing. Premium economy Borlotti bean moussaka with a parmesan panko crust.
Economy Chicken cacciatore: chicken breast in tomato -based sauce with Italian
herbs. With risoni and green beans. Served with vinaigrette and chocolate
mousse. Photo: First class Rockpool Bar + Grill style roast Murraylands lamb
rack with potato and silver beet gratin, asparagus and your choice of mint jelly
or harissa . Business class Steamed blue eye cod Jiangxi-style with mustard
greens and chilli, steamed rice and gai lan *Qantas didn't provide an economy
meal for photography. Premium economy* Barramundi with Moroccan braised lentils
and sweet potato puree. Business class Blue eye cod fillet with roasted baby
fennel topped with tomato, caper, olive and basil dressing. Premium economy
Borlotti bean moussaka with a parmesan panko crust. Economy Chicken cacciatore:
chicken breast in tomato -based sauce with Italian herbs. With risoni and green
beans. Served with vinaigrette and chocolate mousse.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday

Why is Korea not afraid to enter geo-economy?

BYLINE: By Iryna Novikava

LENGTH: 1379 words


In the 21st century globalization became the objective reality that determines
social and economic processes in the world and in all national economies. Today
the world economy is forming a new economic system, which in the nearest future,
will function as a single and unified organism. At the moment the global geo-
economy is only being formed as the result of globalization, and it is only
attempting to function as one single organism as the Single Economic Complex was
being formed and started to function in the former USSR in the 1980s.

Globalization is a process of 'inhaling' the world economy into the market and
market relations (the world economy has been recently understood as a totality
of national economies connected by the system of the world labor division,
economic and political relations). As the result of this ¡®inhaling' some parts
of national, 'internal' economies are transformed into 'external' ones via
transnational corporations (TNC), regional groupings, special economic and
frontier zones, and bilateral agreements on free trade). Then the process of
separation of these 'external' parts of economies from national ones and their
close interweaving into the geo-economics as its components of take place. As
the result of these processes a single world market economy and its
infrastructure are being created though at the same time the national
sovereignty of the states that were the most important actors on the world arena
for so many centuries, now is being destructed. And only on this basis
geo-economics, the system of the single and united economy and its new structure
emerge. The elements of this geo-economics will be not national states but all
those parts of the national economies that have become 'external' ones - TNCies,
regional groupings, special economic and frontier zones, etc., which will serve
the world reproduction process irrelevant to the countries they came from.

It is necessary to notice that each country nowadays tries to take part in the
globalization process. Nevertheless, not all economies can enter into this
global geo-economy as equals both economically and politically. And there is a
simple reason for that. The emerging geo-economy assumes a free competition
among economic subjects, but only few of them can really compete. Moreover, the
economic environment of the majority of national economies, as a rule, is not
ready to open to free competition and to the free admission of foreign companies
in their market. Obviously, it is not possible for many countries to take part
in the formation of geo-economy. Therefore new approaches to economic strategy
development are necessary for all the countries wishing to participate in these
processes.

Globalization demands openness of national economies. In its turn, the openness
of economic systems assumes adaptation of their structure to environment. In
other words, the national economy structure should be adequate to the processes
and tendencies taking place in the world economic system, and, first of all,
globalization processes. Without structural changes in the national economies
not only the economic growth but even the preservation of the achieved living
standards will be absolutely impossible. It is an imperative for any economy
integrated into the system of world division of labor and participating in the
processes of globalization.

Taking into account these circumstances an important task for any national
economy is creation of the really favorable economic climate in order to attract
foreign investments. Moreover, it is an unconditional priority. In the world
today there is a fierce struggle between the national states to involve foreign
investments but the involving of investments may be possible only under the
following preconditions:

¡¤ interstate agreements on protection of investments;

¡¤ developed infrastructure that is understood also as presence of the
industrial infrastructure (including industrial, transport and logistical
structures), a market infrastructure (including financial, legislative
structures, etc.), housing, municipal and social infrastructures.

Labor cost is not the most important factor anymore for attraction of
investments today.

Taking into account all these circumstances of geo-economics emergence, the
experience of Korea is of great interest.

The Republic of Korea is the country, which was one of the first to realize the
necessity of entering the geo-economy and they managed in 40 years to create the
economic system that helped them without shocks and losses to take part in the
processes of geo-economy creation. A tribute should be paid to the competent
economic policy of the country leaders, and, first of all, the President Park
Chung-hee who laid the foundation for modern prosperity in South Korea. He was
one of the first who realized the necessity for the creation of the civilized
and developed infrastructure to involve the foreign capital into the economy,
and then on this basis to provide the economic growth of the country and
prosperity of the Korean people.

The rapid development of the Republic of Korea within approximately 30 years
(1960s-90s) allowed it in the mid-1990s (1993-1997) to reach $10, 000 in gross
national product per capita, as well as to receive membership in ¬°CDE.

At the same time Korea was of one of the first countries to realize the
necessity of another economic step ¡© to get the advantage of her new status
among the developed countries in the conditions of globalization and to save it,
Korea started carrying out the transition to deregulation, decontrol, and
decentralization.

This strategy has caused transition from state regulation to the public-private
partnership (PPP). And already on this basis they began to involve not only the
budgetary funds but also the means of private businesses and foreign investors.

New infrastructure meeting the requirements of globalization was created in a
short time (creation and modernization of airports, seaports, highways and
highly high-speed railways) to attract new investors from all the countries of
the world. The share of expenses on the creation of the infrastructure -
adequate to the processes of globalization and allowing the country's
integration into the world economy - has made up 3. 2 percent of gross national
product but it really made economy open.

And again, this development was carried out on the basis of public-private
partnership (¬²¬²¬²). Public-private investment is considered as an alternative
method of creation of infrastructural services in following areas: management of
industrial property, electric power services, telecommunications, services of
charter warehouses, services of entertainments, road gathering.

Maintenance of such services as land acquisition through public agencies,
pairing of public projects with profitable private projects, long-term financing
ordering, tax exemption, etc. ¡© all these spheres of rendering services were
done through public-private partnership.

The experience of the Republic of Korea can be of great use to Belarus. First of
all, it is necessary to realize that though the Belarus has taken up the course
to the liberalization of the economy, the streams of investments into the
country will not pour down all by themselves. The Republic of Belarus is
surrounded by the countries which also are looking forward for investments, and
it is necessary to struggle for the investments.

Then, the interests of the investors should be long-termed; otherwise they may
come here, remove the 'cream,' and then go somewhere else. We should make the
investors interested in staying here for longer periods. And for this purpose
the developed infrastructure is a great necessity, and nowadays the Republic
needs a good national program on the development of the country's economy
infrastructure.

Today there is already a project of the law on public-private partnership which
is being discussed now. Recommendations for the use of this law in the field of
an innovative policy and creation of modern innovative system are also being
worked out. And the experience of the Republic of Korea is a good example for us
showing a possible way of the country's development via participation in the
globalization processes and geo-economics formation.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             August 16, 2010 Monday

China economy will surpass US, but when?;
The China economy has surpassed Japan's to become the No. 2 economy in the
world. But America doesn't need to worry about China leaving the US in the dust
anytime soon, economists say.

BYLINE: Ron Scherer Staff writer

LENGTH: 664 words


The Chinese economy has sprinted right past Japan's to become the No. 2 economy
in the world.

So, how long will it be before China overtakes the United States?

America doesn't need to worry about the China economy leaving the US in the dust
anytime soon, economists say.

"We don't have to look over our shoulder at all," says Jay Bryson, international
economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Charlotte, N.C. "They probably will not
surpass us for 20 years under current growth rates. But even when they do, they
won't be anywhere close to our standard of living."

The numbers illustrate the vast gulf. The Chinese economy, the International
Monetary Fund estimates, will total about $5.4 trillion this year, while the US
one will be about $14.8 trillion - almost three times the size of the Chinese
economy. To catch the US, China will have to grow extremely fast while the US
economy dawdles.

The US economy will grow by 3.8 percent this year, while the Chinese economy
grows by 9.3 percent, the IMF estimates.

For China to catch the US in 10 years, its economy would have to grow at more
than 12 percent per annum, for example, while the US grows at 2 percent, Mr.
Bryson estimates. However, most economists say, it is unlikely that China will
have sustained growth that high and the US will be that low.

"It would be safe to say they will catch us sometime in the next generation,"
Bryson says.

In an analysis this past January, John Hawksworth, an economist at
PricewaterhouseCoopers, projected that China will surpass the US by 2020 and "is
likely to be some way ahead of the US by 2030."

However, Mr. Hawksworth, who is based in London, also makes the point that
Chinese growth begins to slow after 2020 because of its rapidly aging population
(due in part to its one-child policy). In fact in two years, he projects, India
will become the third-largest economy, racing past Japan. After 2020, he thinks,
India will grow more quickly than China because it will have a younger and
faster-growing population.

Even when China's gross domestic product moves past America's, China, with a
population of 1.3 billion people, will still be far behind the US, with its 307
million people, in terms of the standard of living.

"The average Chinese will not live as good as the average American for at least
a century," Bryson estimates.

When the Chinese economy does become No. 1, there might be some "psychological
implications," says Todd Lee, group director of global economics at IHS Global
Insight in Lexington, Mass.

For example, the Chinese will have more money for defense and space exploration.
"At that point, what China does with its political system could have some
import. If they have reforms and turn towards democracy, we may feel less
threatened than if it stays the same as today," he says.

One improbable way China could catch the US: if the US economy suffers a
meltdown while the Chinese economy continues to grow. If the US economy shrank
by two-thirds, the Chinese economy would be larger than America's.

"To put that into perspective," says Bryson, "during the Great Depression the
economy shrank by one-third. So the US economy would have to decline by two
times the Great Depression. That maybe could happen, but it's very unlikely."

China could also catch up to the US economy sooner if it were to allow its
currency to appreciate faster, since its GDP is measured in terms of dollars,
after inflation. "It all depends on how they view the global recovery is going,"
Mr. Lee says. "Once they feel it is sustainable, they could allow their currency
to appreciate at a relatively steady pace."

The US economy probably became top dog in the early 20th century, when it
surpassed Britain, Bryson says. But that was an era when it would have been
difficult, if not impossible, to have accurate economic measurements.

"The US was the first to dominate during the Industrial Revolution," he says.
Now, China is becoming dominant. "So, it's only a matter of time until they
catch us."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

China's economy will keep playing to its own tune;
OPINION

BYLINE: Ross Gittins is the Herald's economics editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 955  words


On the prospects for China's economy, it's easy to be wrong. We analyse
unfamiliar things by comparing them with things we understand, but in its
massive size and economic history, China is one of a kind.

That's one conclusion I've drawn from a visit to China as a guest of the
Australia-China Relations Institute, at the University of Technology, Sydney,
and the All-China Journalists Association.

In recent years people in the world's financial markets have gone from ignoring
the Chinese economy to assuming it works the same way a developed economy does.

Hence the consternation in global share markets last year and again early this
year when China's sharemarket took a sharp dive.

Surely this meant its economy was in big trouble.

Well, maybe, but not for that reason. China is still a developing, middle-income
economy and its sharemarket is a relatively recent creation of its government,
lacking the strong links with the real economy we're used to in the West.

As Professor Peter Drysdale, of the East Asian Bureau of Economic Research at
the Australian National University, has explained, the worth of China's
sharemarket is equivalent to about a third of its gross domestic product,
compared with more than 100 per cent in developed economies.

It accounts for less than 15 per cent of the financial assets of China's
households, which is why formerly booming share prices did little to boost
consumer spending and why falling prices will do little to hurt consumption, he
says.

The market is dominated by individual investors rather than financial
institutions, as in the rich world, and Chinese companies don't rely on it for
capital-raising.

Much of the angst in the West over China's slowing rate of growth - from 10 per
cent a year for many years to 6.7 per cent over the year to June - reveals an
ignorance of how developing countries develop.

Provided they're well managed, it's easy for underdeveloped economies to grow
rapidly as workers move from the farm to a city factory and as existing Western
technology is taken off the shelf and applied.

But as the economy expands it becomes harder and then impossible to maintain
such high rates of expansion.

China's less dramatic growth rate of six point something is now "the new
normal", as its government says. Further slowing is possible in the next few
years.

We in the developed world - where growth rarely gets much higher than 2 or 3 per
cent a year - are so unfamiliar with such rapid growth rates that we forget the
basic arithmetic involved.

At a constant growth rate of 10 per cent, an economy doubles in about seven
years. At a constant rate of 6.7 per cent, it doubles in about 10. Consider
this: China's growth in 2005 of 11.3 per cent added $US338 billion to its size,
whereas growth of 7.4 per cent in 2014 added $US708 billion. It's the absolute
size of China's growth - its addition to gross world product - that matters most
to the rest of the world.

Another trap for foreign observers is to assume China has a market economy like
ours, or that the Chinese government is busy turning its economy into a market
economy.

That's easy to believe when you're told that, in 2014, China's private sector
produced at least two-thirds of its GDP, with the private sector creating more
than 90 per cent of the additional jobs and with the public sector accounting
for just 11 per cent of China's workforce (compared with 14 per cent in Oz).

But China's economy is still far from being a market economy like ours, and it's
not clear the Chinese government wants to make it one. Remember China's history.
In the 1950s, following the Communist revolution of 1949, private property was
expropriated and a planned economy established.

All that began changing after 1979, when Deng Xiaoping initiated the
far-reaching market-oriented reforms that have brought China's economy to where
it is today.

China's many remaining state-owned enterprises may not be as dynamic and
fast-growing as its private sector, but they remain an important part of the
economy. Indeed, they're a drag on the economy, often badly run with problems of
overproduction.

Many foreign economists are urging China to simply close or privatise its
remaining SOEs. And it's true that reforming them would be an important part of
raising China's productivity performance.

But it's not clear this is the intention of China's President (and general
secretary of the Communist Party), Xi Jinping. Some degree of reform may come,
but it may involve adopting market mechanisms where thought appropriate rather
than eliminating the government-owned business sector.

Making China's economy the same as any Western developed economy is unlikely to
be Xi's objective, even if it continues drifting in that direction. China
remains a one-party state, and the objective of that party is to remain in
power. That may mean reforming rather than eliminating SOEs, which are run by
officials.

Within China, power is shared between the central, provincial and municipal
governments, all of them run by party officials. Beijing's power is constrained.

Xi is unlikely to initiate any big changes before the Communist Party's 19th
national congress late next year, when he will be able to increase his grip on
power.

Economic reform and year-to-year economic management is guided by the 13th
five-year plan. Growth in GDP is not just a measure of economic success, it's a
political target.

Most Westerners believe continuing economic development and rising living
standards lead inevitably to democratic governance, and the cases of Taiwan and
South Korea add support to this idea.

But whether that applies to China remains to be seen. Certainly, it's a long way
off. The safest prediction is that China will do its own thing in its own way.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Angst in the West over China's slowing rate of growth reveals an
ignorance about how developing countries grow. CARTOON: Glen LeLievre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     October 2, 1994, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

WHAT'S NEXT? ECONOMIC FORECASTERS OPTIMISTIC, BUT CAUTIOUS: MEASURE FUTURE WITH
A NEW RULER

BYLINE: ANNE CRAWFORD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 547 words


Nuala Beck doesn't measure the economy by the old yardsticks.

Forget housing starts and automobile sales, says the author of best-selling book
Shifting Gears: Thriving in the New Economy.

"People aren't lining up to buy houses or cars. Look instead at consumer
electronic products where the people are lining up."

For a number of years, Beck has taken a long, hard look at where the action is.
And it's no contest as to where you should put your money.

The "new economy" -- companies in fields such as technology, communications,
computers and medicine -- is where it's happening.

Avoid the "old economy" -- mining, integrated oils, paper and forest products,
food processing and household goods -- like the plague.

And keep a sharp eye on the "watch list" -- banking, residential construction,
auto parts -- which may be poised for a tumble.

Beck compares all three categories to the Toronto Stock Exchange's benchmark
index of about 300 stocks.

"The new economy has outperformed the stock market by a country mile," she says.
Over the past year, her new economy stocks generated a return of 17.3 per cent,
compared to the TSE 300's total return of 6.7 per cent.

"The short term is important, but more important is buying good-value companies
that are the future."

"Buy them and tuck them away. You're investing in the stuff that's growing as
opposed to the stuff that isn't."

Beck's Toronto company, Nuala Beck & Associates Inc., has published a list of
the TSE's 10 largest new economy companies by market capitalization.

Four of them are Alberta-based: TransCanada PipeLines Ltd., NOVA Corp.,
TransAlta Corp. and Telus Corp.

Alberta has a lot of industries that fall under Beck's new economy
classification. Natural gas leads the list, followed by several others including
printing and publishing, aerospace, computer equipment, pipelines and
telecommunications.

"Natural gas is to the new economy what oil was to the old economy," Beck says.

She acknowledges that many old economy sectors of the stock market performed
well in 1993.

"If you hold your breath long enough, old economies are bound to have a good
quarter -- they might even have a good year. But don't mistake a dead cat bounce
for growth."

The old economy hit its peak in 1981, Beck says. Since then it has experienced
negative economic growth 52 per cent of the time, compared to 22 per cent for
the new economy.

In her firm's Canadian Economic & Capital Market Outlook third-quarter update,
Beck reports:

* The new economy has taken over as the largest component of the TSE 300,
accounting for 34 per cent measured by market capitalization. The old economy
and her firm's "watch list" account for 32.4 and 27 per cent respectively.

* The old economy, however, only accounts for 12.3 per cent of Canada's gross
domestic product. "The stock market is seriously out of sync with economic
realities in the 1990s."

* The stock market can play catch-up in two ways: through a gradual market
rotation or a serious market rout.

To avoid pitfalls, Beck says, investors need to pick the new economy stocks.

"If people don't get some decent advice, they're going to invest in the old
economy. Most people know where their kids are, but not where their money is."


LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC NOT INCLUDED

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               Belfast Telegraph

                                October 11, 2004

Partnership key to common good;
 A major conference on Northern Ireland's social economy is being staged in the
Armagh City Hotel tomorrow. Here, Barry Gardiner, Minister for Enterprise, Trade
and Investment, outlines why he has thrown his weight behind plans to further
develop that economy.

LENGTH: 876 words


I am often asked: what is the social economy?

Social economy enterprises are businesses which promote social and community
goals.

They can, and do, make money. It is what they choose to do with their money that
makes them different. They include credit unions, housing associations, local
enterprise agencies, co-operatives and community and employee-owned businesses.

It is not a new sector. It has been operating and developing over a number of
years.

It has a strong tradition supporting local communities. In recent years its
contribution to our social and economic life has been receiving greater
recognition.

This recognition is important if we are to attract new people, new thinking and
new ideas, to build on the experience and expertise that already exist.

I am committed to helping the sector develop and grow.

That's why I launched, last month, a three-year strategic plan.

It has three objectives:

l to raise the profile of the social economy sector;

l to increase its business strengths;

l to provide a more supportive environment in which it can prosper.

Government, in partnership with the social economy, can do more.

We can help businesses access advice and support, gain better access to finance
and compete more successfully for public procurement opportunities.

We need to be more structured, without stifling innovative ideas and imaginative
actions.

My department has helped put in place these key structures. These include:

l funding the Social Economy Agency to facilitate an inclusive Social Economy
Network (SEN), representative of enterprises in the sector;

l the formation of a government Inter-Departmental Steering Group (IDSG);

l the creation of the Social Economy Forum.

The forum provides the platform for the SEN and IDSG to debate and create
positive pathways along which the social economy can travel and grow.

I chaired its most recent meeting and I was impressed by the partnership
approach, which is very much the key to success.

For example, by working together we were able to establish how best to meet the
financial and business support needs of organisations interested in establishing
or developing a social economy enterprise.

Recommendations included creating a financial centre of expertise, better
signposts for attaining finance and the potential to share resources through
organisational mergers.

The Social Economy Network is a key partner in making things happen.

Now in its second year, its growing membership stands at just over 200
organisations.

Yes, diverse organisations, but bonded by social purpose.

It is in their best interest and the economy's interest to share best practice.

The first annual conference provides opportunity for this. Like all in the
sector I will be very interested in its first annual report.

And it is not simply about replicating success. It is about generating fresh
ideas and new opportunities.

I call on social economy enterprises to get involved in the Social Economy
Network. Visit its website at www.socialeconomynetwork.org. Let's expand the
network and make it even more inclusive.

Partnership with Government is vital.

But co-operation within government is also vital.

Like social economy enterprises, we are diverse. DETI has established the Inter
-Departmental Steering Group to provide leadership across departments, encourage
co-operation, identify key action points and help build social capital and
create wealth and jobs, especially in disadvantaged areas.

I am fully confident that the social economy will continue to develop in the
years ahead.

In turn, not only will the economy prosper, but the social fabric of society
will be strengthened as well.

Partnership will be the key.

Dynamic sector is a major employer

Northern Ireland is recognised as one of the world's leaders in the development
of the social economy - the sector comprising non-governmental organisations
motivated by social objectives.

Some of Northern Ireland's most dynamic businesses operate within the social
economy, including Londonderry's Rath Mor Centre and Belfast's John Hewitt pub.

When community groups are also taken into account, it is responsible for the
employment of between 30,000 and 50,000 people - making it comparable in size to
construction or tourism.

Tomorrow's event in Armagh will be the first annual conference on the social
economy hosted by the Social Economy Network, a body supported by the Department
of Enterprise, Trade and Investment and the Department for Social Development to
promote the sector.

Key speakers are Bruce Robinson, Permanent Secretary at DETI, and John Pearce, a
leading advocate and practitioner in the social economy, who is travelling from
Scotland for the meeting.

Northern Ireland's Ministers have made a series of policy statements aimed at
providing practical support for the social economy, including proposals for new
legal structures and an action plan to promote social economy enterprises.

The action plan includes consideration of how to open up public sector
procurement to social economy organisations. This will be one of the topics
considered at the conference.


LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2004 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.


                              218 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            January 4, 2000, Tuesday

Plan to upgrade status of finance minister draws mixed responses

BYLINE: By Kwak Young-sup Staff reporter

LENGTH: 1211 words



President Kim Dae-jung's announcement yesterday of a plan to elevate the status
of the finance and economy minister to deputy premiership drew mixed responses
from bureaucrats and experts.

Officials at the Ministry of Finance and Economy (MOFE) and some economists
hailed the President's plan as a desirable move, saying that a more powerful
finance and economy minister would help conduct the nation's economic policies
more effectively.

Critics, however, expressed concern that if the finance and economy minister
were promoted to the status of a deputy premier, economic policy-making would
revert to past practices, when the ministry wielded "absolute" power.

Welcoming the announcement, a MOFE official said that the status of the finance
and economy minister should have been raised earlier.

"It is natural to restore the post of the minister to that of a deputy premier,"
ministry spokesman Chang Soo-man said. "Rather, the President's move seems to
have come a little late."

Since the status of the finance and economy minister was downgraded to
ministerial level two years ago, the ministry has experienced difficulties
orchestrating the nation's economic policies, Chang said.

With the restoration of the finance and economy minister's status, the
government will be able to implement its economic policies more effectively, he
said.

Lee Han-koo, head of the Daewoo Economic Research Institute, echoed Chang's
view. "It is desirable to restore the deputy premier for economy, as he can
serve as a more powerful adjuster."

But critics warned that the promotion of the finance and economy minister to a
deputy premier might mean going "back to the past," when the MOFE had
monopolistic power over the national economy.

Lee Pil-sang, an economics professor at Korea University, stressed that the
market - not a minister - should take charge of adjusting economic policies in a
market-oriented economy.

Restoring the status of the finance and economy minister to deputy premiership
might bring back a government-controlled economy, Lee pointed out.

A government official also said that with the market playing the leading role in
the economy now, restoring the deputy premier for economy is a questionable
move. First created in 1963, the deputy premier for economy was served by the
minister of the now-defunct Economic Planning Board until December 1994.

Since then, the minister of finance and economy had doubled as the deputy
premier for economy, but the status was demoted to ministerial level in February
1998 when President Kim took office.

To meet the growing demand for a smaller and more efficient cabinet
organization, President Kim stripped the MOFE of its powers such as
budget-making and financial supervision, handing them over to the Planning and
Budget Agency and the Financial Supervisory Commission.

With jurisdiction over the budget, financial oversight and economic
policy-making, the ministry used to wield "uncontested" power over the nation's
economy, which analysts argue was to blame for the nation's foreign exchange
crisis in late 1997 and 1998.

LOAD-DATE: January 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 The Korea Herald


                              219 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 25, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton likely to tout his moves on economy

BYLINE: Beth Belton

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 435 words


President Clinton is expected to take a bow tonight when he talks about the
economy in his State of the Union address.

He promised the economy would improve if he were elected president, and it has.

Since Jan. 20 last year, when Clinton was inaugurated as the nation's 42nd
president:

- Long-term interest rates, including mortgage rates, hit 25-year lows, boosting
new-home and auto sales to their highest levels in four years.

- Nearly 2 million jobs were added to non-farm payrolls, double the number of
jobs created in 1992.

- Crime has replaced the economy as the most important problem facing the USA,
according to a Jan. 15-17, USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup poll.

Most economists say the biggest impact Clinton had on the economy was getting
Congress to pass his plan to raise taxes and cut the federal budget deficit $
496 billion over five years. That helped calm inflation fears and push long-term
interest rates down.

Others argue the economy had started to recover before Clinton defeated George
Bush in the November 1992 election.

"Clinton's presence (in the White House) didn't matter that much," says Lacy
Hunt, chief economist at Carroll McEntee & McGinley Research. "The test for
Clinton is not the 1993 economy but what happens to the economy between now and
the presidential election in 1996."

Whoever takes credit, the economy is healthy enough that Clinton now can focus
on crime, health care and welfare reform. "The economy won't be the biggest
issue (this year), which is OK because once the economy is up and running, it
becomes difficult to derail it," says Allen Sinai, chief economist at Lehman
Brothers.

Economy is looking up How the economy has changed since Bill Clinton's
inauguration Jan. 20, 1993:
                            End of 1992     End of 1993
Unemployment rate                7.3%            6.4%
                             1992            1993
Job growth                    968,000        1,947,000
Housing starts              1.09 million     1.29 million
Auto sales                  12.9 million     13.9 million
Federal budget deficit(1)   $ 290 billion     $ 255 billion
                        Jan. 20, 1993    Jan. 20, 1994
Dow Jones industrial avg.     3242              3892
30-year Treasury bond yield  7.33%             6.26%
Average 30-year mortgage     7.86%             7.05%
  1 - fiscal year            Source: USA TODAY research

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              220 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                              July 4, 2008 Friday
                             k - CarsGuide Edition

Soften the impact of rising petrol prices -- COVER STORY

BYLINE: Neil McDonald and Stephen Ottley

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 962  words


With the prospect of petrol hitting $2 a litre, fuel economy is becoming an
increasingly crucial factor in deciding which car to buy.

Carsguide today provides readers with a rundown of some of the more popular
vehicles and their respective fuel-economy ratings, relative to their size and
engines.

Apart from the obvious smaller petrol models, hybrids and turbodiesels feature
strongly. However, the higher purchase price of hybrid and diesel-engined cars
must be weighed up in the overall scheme of things. Diesel's premium at the pump
puts it at a disadvantage until you look at fuel economy and torque relative to
similar-sized petrol engines. And running costs, depreciation and whole-of-life
issues must be considered when deciding what to buy.

The star of the show based on running costs is the little Hyundai Getz, which
has topped Australian motoring club surveys over the past two years.

The NRMA's 2007-2008 survey was won by the 1.4-litre-engined Getz, which it
found cost $119.53 a week to run while the 1.6-litre version was not far behind.
Its top spot was reaffirmed last week when it also topped similar interstate
motoring club surveys.

The Getz is priced from $13,990 to $15,990, making it a worthy consideration.

When 21-year-old Sydney motorist Pieta Workman decided she needed a new car,
fuel economy was at the top of her shopping list.

``The reason I needed a new car was to save some money on my weekly fuel
bills,'' she said this week. ``The [Hyundai] Getz was rated as one of the most
fuel efficient models and was in the price range I could afford.''

Here's our pick of some of the other cars you should be considering.

---------- LIGHT CARS ----------

our pick: Fiat 500

price: $22,990

engine: 1.2L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 5.0L/100km

Save the world in style in the new kid on the block from Fiat. It's sexy and the
500's design pays homage to the cute original from the 1960s. The 500 is roomier
than it looks, has plenty of options to individualise and it is surprisingly
peppy for a 1.2-litre four-cylinder while the 1.4-litre is better still. Safety
levels are outstanding but the ride can be a bit choppy around town.

Other contenders

Smart Fortwo

price: $19,990

engine: 700cc/3-cylinder petrol

economy: 4.8L/100km

Honda Jazz

price: $15,990

engine: 1.3L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 5.7/100km

Toyota Yaris

price: $15,190

engine: 1.3L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 6.0L/100km

Citroen C3

price: $21,990

engine: 1.6L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 6.2L/100km

---------- SMALL CARS ----------

our pick: Audi A3 1.9TDIe

price: $38,900

engine: 1.9L/4-cylinder diesel

economy: 4.5L/100km

The A3 is new to our shores and throws a curve ball at hybrids from Toyota and
Honda and even beats the Carsguide Green Car of the Year, the Hyundai i30 CRDi.
Unlike hybrids that have limited advantages at highway speeds, the A3 diesel
works in and out of the city. Everything is designed for economy, even tyres
with low rolling resistance. The gearshift indicator advises when to change up,
getting the best economy from the car.

Other contenders

Toyota Prius

price: $37,400

engine: 1.5L/4-cylinder hybrid

economy: 4.4L/100km

Honda Civic hybrid

price: $32,990

engine: 1.3L/4-cylinder

petrol-electric hybrid

economy: 4.6L/100km

Ford Focus TDCi

price: $27,990

engine: 2L/4-cylinder turbodiesel

economy: 5.6L/100km

---------- MEDIUM CARS ----------

our pick: Ford Mondeo

2.0 TDCi

price: $37,990

engine: 2.0L/4-cylinder

turbodiesel

economy: 7.3L/100km

Against a sea of competent Japanese cars, Ford has proved its European imports
are worthy contenders. The Mondeo has excellent dynamics, is frugal and looks
suitably up-market. The only problem is the overall package is so close in size
to the Falcon that it could steal sales from the excellent new FG Falcon range.
The turbodiesel's good spread of torque also makes for a spritely performer.

Other contenders

Hyundai Sonata

price: $27,990

engine: 2.4L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 8.0L/100km

Mazda 6

price: $29,740

engine: 2.5L/4-cylinder

economy: 8.4L/100km

Holden Epica

price: $25,990

engine: 2.0L/6-cylinder

economy: 8.2L/100km

Honda Accord Euro

price: $32,990

engine: 2.4L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 8.9L/100km

---------- LARGE CARS ----------

our pick: FG Ford Falcon XT

price: $36,490

engine: 4L/6-cylinder petrol

economy: 10.5L/100km

The FG is Ford's brave new hope and after driving the XT we can see why. Ford
has delivered a dynamically excellent car with a quiet and modern interior and a
powerful, smooth, in-line six cylinder. Economy is far better than the official
10.5 litres per 100km. On the launch several examples returned under 9.0 litres.
Not bad for a roomy five-seater built in Australia. That's a winner at the fuel
pump in anyone's books.

Other contenders

Toyota Aurion V6

price: $34,990

engine: 3.5L/V6 petrol

economy: 9.9L/100km

Nissan Maxima

price: $34,990

engine: 3.5L/V6 petrol

economy: 10.8L/100km

Hyundai Grandeur

price: $39,990

engine: 3.8L/V6 petrol

economy: 10.8L/100km

VE Holden Commodore Omega

price: $36,790

engine: 3.6L/V6 petrol

economy: 11.3L/100km

---------- COMPACT 4x4s ----------

our pick: Suzuki Grand

Vitara DDiS

price: $34,990

engine: 1.9L/4-cylinder

turbodiesel

economy: 7.6L/100km

In reality Suzuki fights well above its weight but is always overshadowed by the
other Japanese compact off-roaders. The more popular RAV4 and Forester may steal
the limelight but the Suzuki Grand Vitara is a genuine off-roader -- and adding
the 1.9-litre turbodiesel only adds to its appeal. The car's compact size,
contemporary interior and high quality are other pluses.

Other contenders

Subaru Forester

price: $30,490

engine: 2.5L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 9.3L/100km

Toyota RAV4

price: $31,990

engine: 2.4L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 9.1L/100km

Nissan X-Trail

price: $31,990

engine: 2.5L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 9.5L/100km

Honda CR-V

price: $31,990

engine: 2.4L/4-cylinder petrol

economy: 10.0L/100km

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            January 22, 2001, Monday

Dot-com debacle hits new economy

BYLINE: Tim Hughes

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 416 words


ONLY a few months ago our current affairs programmes were full of any number of
very serious, learned experts who pronounced that Australia had no future unless
we quickly got on to the new economy bandwagon.

As an old economy has-been, we were destined to fall further and further behind,
with the $A following a relentless spiral downwards.

Today, those same experts are nowhere to be seen. All of a sudden the gloss has
fallen off the so-called new economy.

Not only have the share prices of dot-coms fallen off the edge of a cliff but,
with limited revenues and no profits, many of them are rapidly running out of
the cash that investors had once so willingly showered on them.

For an amazingly high proportion bankruptcy looms.

Now all the talk in new economy America is of recession. Not a recession caused
by the old economy route of interest rates being too high, but one largely
consequent upon the enormous loss of household wealth following the dot-com
debacle.

In other words, there is a serious downside to the new economy euphoria.

As any investor knows, high returns almost always mean high risk and by its very
nature the sort of new economy boom that America has enjoyed has been
accompanied by a significant increase in economic risk.

Importantly for us and despite all that well meaning advice, this is a risk that
Australia has largely avoided.

But the story goes much further than this. The risk effects of the new economy
are not just limited to its direct effects.

Rather, the advent of America's new economy has had serious adverse effects on
its old economy that have served to further heighten the overall level of risk
in the economy and its vulnerability to an economic downturn.

Continued Page 17

Blow to new economy

From Page 15

These adverse effects have primarily arisen because of the impact of the new
economy in pushing up the US dollar to unsustainable levels.

The US dollar has been boosted by two forces: the very strong growth and the
huge inflows of foreign capital to invest in new economy stocks.

This has substantially weakened international competitiveness, not just of US
exporters, but also of those competing with imports. In other words, the new
economy has significantly weakened the old economy.

As a consequence, whereas by the old rules, America has not had a sufficient
economic shock to bring on a recession, it is uncertain if the old rules still
apply.

Tim Hughes is a director of Value Capital Management

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              222 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

ILO emphasises on need for integrated strategy for transition to formal economy

BYLINE: Himalayan News Service

LENGTH: 472  words


Kathmandu, November 24: The International Labour Organisation (ILO) has stressed
on the need for an integrated strategy for Nepal's transition from an informal
to a formal economy.

Addressing a media roundtable in the Capital today, Frederic Lapeyer, head of
Informal Economy Unit of ILO, said that informal economy is a huge reality in
Nepal and other nations, which should be tackled through an integrated strategy
by each nation.

"Shifting the informal economy to a formal one is a path to reduce both poverty
and inequality. Thus, this formalisation has to be core objective of national
development strategies," said Lapeyer. "Formalisation of economy should ensure
opportunities for income security, livelihoods and entrepreneurship as the
informal economy in which people are involved is not by choice but due to lack
of opportunities in formal economy.

According to him, economy formalisation can be achieved by formalising economic
units by registering all economic units, increasing compliance and by extending
application of labour and social security regulations.

Similarly, Lapeyer said that informal jobs can be formalised by extending
application of labour regulation and coverage of social securities. "Besides,
productive job creation in formal economy is another means to achieve economy
formalisation," Lapeyer added.

Integrated strategy, the ultimate solution to economy formalisation, should aim
to facilitate the transition of workers and economic units from informal to
formal economy and promote the creation, preservation and sustainability of
enterprises and decent jobs in the formal economy, according to Lapeyer.

Prakash Sharma, national project coordinator of ILO Nepal, said that the
informal economy is massive in different sectors in Nepal, which ranges from
agriculture, trading, craft work, construction, micro enterprises, transport and
tourism.

"Informal workers and economic units in Nepal are exposed to high vulnerability,
which includes inadequate and unsafe working conditions and exclusion from
social protection schemes," Sharma said.

On the occasion, Jeevan Kumar Rai, under secretary at Ministry of Labour and
Employment (MoLE), said that the government has been running different
skill-development projects across the country to promote micro entrepreneurship,
which will contribute in economy formalisation. Informing that Nepal has policy
provisions to shift informal economy and workers to formal, Rai stressed on need
to implement existing policies to achieve formalisation goal.

However, Khil Nath Dahal, chairman of Joint Trade Union Coordination Centre,
said that the government should ensure social security and generate enough job
opportunities in country to bring all economic units and jobs to formal channel.
As per Dahal, 96 per cent of jobs and economic units of Nepal are informal.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                Garstang Courier

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

MP queries pub closures

LENGTH: 178  words


Ribble Valley Nigel Evans MP got some cheer when he asked the Communities
Minister how many pubs closed in his constituency in the last three years.

He was told the Government does not collect such data but a new £3.62m "More
Than A Pub" programme could help communities buy threatened hostelries.

Marcus Jones, Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Department for Communities
and Local Government) made a mention of Nigel's local in his written reply.

He said: "The Government does not collect data relating to pub closures.
However, it recognises the clear social and economic value of our pubs,
including many of those in the Ribble Valley, not least the award-winning Swan
with Two Necks at Pendleton, and is supporting them through a range of measures.

"These include helping communities to buy their locals through the new £3.62
million More than a Pub' programme; giving communities reasonable time to bid to
buy their pub should it be put up for sale by listing it as an Asset of
Community Value with their local authority; and freezing beer duty at Budget
2016."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCOU


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             Lancaster Evening Post

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

MP queries pub closures

LENGTH: 178  words


Ribble Valley Nigel Evans MP got some cheer when he asked the Communities
Minister how many pubs closed in his constituency in the last three years.

He was told the Government does not collect such data but a new £3.62m "More
Than A Pub" programme could help communities buy threatened hostelries.

Marcus Jones, Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Department for Communities
and Local Government) made a mention of Nigel's local in his written reply.

He said: "The Government does not collect data relating to pub closures.
However, it recognises the clear social and economic value of our pubs,
including many of those in the Ribble Valley, not least the award-winning Swan
with Two Necks at Pendleton, and is supporting them through a range of measures.

"These include helping communities to buy their locals through the new £3.62
million More than a Pub' programme; giving communities reasonable time to bid to
buy their pub should it be put up for sale by listing it as an Asset of
Community Value with their local authority; and freezing beer duty at Budget
2016."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLEP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 Longridge News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

MP queries pub closures

LENGTH: 178  words


Ribble Valley Nigel Evans MP got some cheer when he asked the Communities
Minister how many pubs closed in his constituency in the last three years.

He was told the Government does not collect such data but a new £3.62m "More
Than A Pub" programme could help communities buy threatened hostelries.

Marcus Jones, Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Department for Communities
and Local Government) made a mention of Nigel's local in his written reply.

He said: "The Government does not collect data relating to pub closures.
However, it recognises the clear social and economic value of our pubs,
including many of those in the Ribble Valley, not least the award-winning Swan
with Two Necks at Pendleton, and is supporting them through a range of measures.

"These include helping communities to buy their locals through the new £3.62
million More than a Pub' programme; giving communities reasonable time to bid to
buy their pub should it be put up for sale by listing it as an Asset of
Community Value with their local authority; and freezing beer duty at Budget
2016."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLON


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Maintaining the Emerging Economy Growth Engine

LENGTH: 965  words


The world's emerging economies seem to be losing their dynamism. Countries that
only a few years ago were being hailed for their resilience in the face of a
global economic meltdown are now facing myriad challenges, reflected in
significantly slower GDP growth. Is the emerging economy growth engine breaking
down?

From 2000 to 2007, annual growth in emerging and developing economies averaged
6.5%. More impressive, from 2008 to 2010, when the advanced economies were in
recession or struggling through a fragile recovery, they managed to sustain 5.5%
growth. In fact, at the end of that period, average growth stood at a very
healthy 7.5%.

But then growth began to slow, with the annual rate falling to 4% in 2015. Even
China, the largest and most dynamic emerging economy, recorded its lowest growth
rate since 1990 (6.9%) last year, and the slowdown is forecast to accelerate
this year. Many now argue that the emerging economies are settling into a "new
normal" of slower growth, and that their days as the key driver of the global
economy are over.

Despite their current struggles, it would be premature to write off emerging
economies. For starters, even if these countries' growth rates do not return to
pre-crisis levels, their contribution to the world economy should remain
substantial given that their share of world GDP in purchasing power parity terms
has increased significantly, from 43% in 2000 to 58% in 2015.

But emerging economies have much more to offer. With the right policies, they
can tap into as-yet-unexploited growth potential and continue their progress
toward convergence with advanced economy income levels. The key to determining
what those policies must be is to understand why growth has slowed in the first
place.

At first, emerging economies were hit by external challenges, including
weakening world trade, low commodity prices, and tight financial conditions.
Global merchandise trade slowed considerably over the last four years -- in the
first half of 2015, it contracted for the first time since 2009. Oil and metal
prices have dropped more than 50% from their 2011 peaks.

Moreover, the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy reversal, which entails a
long-delayed increase in interest rates, combined with the negative interest
rate policies of the Bank of Japan and the European Central Bank, has caused
financial market fluctuations and left emerging economies vulnerable to capital
flight. These external factors could be cyclical, but it remains to be seen how
soon they will pass.

The recent emerging economy slowdown is also the result of structural factors.
When the emerging economies' growth stories began, the difference between their
actual per capita incomes and long-run potential enabled rapid capital
accumulation as well as strong technology-enabled productivity gains by these
countries.

But after years of large-scale investment -- which, in China in particular, has
led to excess capacity and resource misallocation -- capital accumulation has
moderated. Meanwhile, as countries move closer to the technology frontier,
imitation and adaptation must give way to genuine innovation -- no easy feat
when innovative capabilities are lacking. So what can emerging economies do to
improve their prospects? Though the particular policy mix will vary by economy,
some priorities are clear.

For one thing, countries must strengthen their resilience against adverse
external shocks, including through efforts to strengthen their own financial
systems. To reduce their vulnerability to volatile capital flows, they should
promote exchange-rate flexibility, secure adequate international reserves, and
adopt carefully designed capital controls.

Emerging economies that rely excessively on exports need to rebalance their
sources of growth toward domestic demand. Investment in public infrastructure,
an improved investment climate, and social safety nets could all help to spur
higher private sector investment and household expenditures.

Greater priority must also be given to structural supply-side policies targeting
productivity growth. First, to strengthen human capital, emerging economies must
complement their progress in educational attainment with efforts to improve
schools' quality, especially at the secondary and tertiary levels. Where
necessary, educational systems must be reformed to meet changing industry demand
and skill requirements.

Second, structural bottlenecks must urgently be addressed through the
streamlining of regulations and reforms to promote competition in markets as
well as to increase the flexibility and efficiency of factor markets for labour,
finance and land. Emerging economies must lower barriers to market entry,
support business operations, and increase access to finance. Obstacles to trade
and foreign direct investment must be removed as well.

Finally, emerging economies must work to strengthen their institutions. As it
stands, corruption -- facilitated by complex and burdensome regulatory
environments, inefficient tax regimes, and weak judicial systems incapable of
protecting investor and property rights -- is pervasive in many emerging
economies, hindering sustained growth. Improving governance and bolstering the
rule of law are essential to boosting productivity and long-term GDP growth.

The emerging economy growth engine is not broken; it simply needs to be
serviced. With appropriate policies and structural reforms, emerging economies
can recapture their dynamism and move onto an even stronger growth path, taking
the entire global economy with them.

Lee Jong-Wha is professor of economics and director of the Asiatic Research
Institute at Korea University. His most recent book, co-authored with Harvard's
Robert J. Barro, is Education Matters: Global Gains from the 19th to the 21st
Century.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               Al-Akhbar English

                            February 16, 2015 Monday

Syria's Economy in the Grip of the Black Market

BYLINE: Paul Gadalla

LENGTH: 1123  words


Syrian women walk past items on display at a shop in Damascus on Valentine's day
on February 14, 2015. AFP/Louai Beshara
Syrian women walk past items on display at a shop in Damascus on Valentine's day
on February 14, 2015. AFP/Louai Beshara

Black market dealers in Syria have taken control of the foreign exchange market,
leading exchange rates to hit record levels. The past few days have also shown
that the dealers are "deeply involved" in the oil derivatives market, which has
witnessed a severe crisis since early winter.

Damascus -- Due to the changes on the map of power and influence, the official
Syrian economy has seen a significant decline in activity and potential. This
deterioration has been to the advantage of other economies, some of which are
new and resulted from the developments of the crisis on the ground, and some are
old and were revived by the economic conditions across the country's regions.

The informal economy today far exceeds the national economy. This directly
affects the lives of the Syrian people and the structure of the national economy
. The situation is expected to continue for years, especially in light of the
current "institutionalized" management of the activities of these economies,
which control large and important resources, both in state-controlled areas and
territories outside the government's control.

In addition to the formal government economy present in state-controlled areas,
a new economic paradigm is emerging and taking shape in the border areas
controlled by various armed groups. The informal economy, also known as the
"shadow" economy, has expanded significantly to the point where it has exceeded
the formal economy. Also, the war economy -- a key component linked to the three
aforementioned economies -- seeks to revive and expand the black market so it
would become the "dominant" market.

"Rationing" is key

Today, the black market directly affects the lives of the Syrian people, as it
has a negative impact on two main arenas. First, the foreign exchange market and
the major drop in the exchange rate of the Syrian pound against the US dollar,
leading to an unprecedented rise in the price of commodities and the expansion
of the circle of poverty. Second, the distribution of state-supported oil
derivatives, and exploiting the needs of citizens to generate high revenues. It
is noteworthy that black market activity is not limited to these two fields.

Black market allied with the traditional corruption forces

Black market activities resumed at the beginning of the crisis, and increased
gradually when formal economic institutions began to be affected by foreign
sanctions, thus impacting their role of securing sufficient quantities of goods
and products to meet the demands of the local market. In addition, a social
segment became involved in the war, allied with the traditional corrupt forces
inside and outside state institutions, and engaged in trading of goods,
resources, and human beings across the country, though to varying degrees.Due to
the failure of the government to bridge the gap between the demand for foreign
currencies and oil derivatives on the one hand, and the available quantities of
these commodities on the other, the black market expanded horizontally and
vertically.

Dr. Akram Hourani, a professor at the Faculty of Economics at the University of
Damascus, provides three reasons for the increase in black market activity
during the crisis: "not meeting the [local market] demand for non-commercial
purposes (to preserve the value of savings); not meeting the demand for
commercial purposes in order to meet the needs of importers (outside the list of
goods allowed to be funded through authorized banks); and the repeated
declarations by the authorities in charge of monetary policy (intervention,
threats, and intimidation...)."

These reasons are similar to the factors that put the distribution of oil
derivatives on the black market, taking into account the particularities of each
case. Speaking to Al-Akhbar, Dr. Ziad Ayoub Arbash, an energy expert and
professor at Damascus University, says that the years of the crisis have seen "a
significant decrease in the consumption of oil derivatives, as a result of the
decrease in the income level, the closure of thousands of industrial plants, and
the security situation. Still, demand remained higher than supply," which was
influenced by two main issues: "securing foreign currencies, and the impact of
international sanctions and the risks involved in terms of transport, insurance,
etc."

Due to the failure of the government to bridge the gap between the demand for
foreign currencies and oil derivatives on the one hand, and the available
quantities of these commodities on the other, the black market expanded
horizontally and vertically. In addition to the segment which has become known
as the "crisis dealers" or "black market princes," many ordinary citizens -- for
various reasons -- gradually joined the "illicit trade" structure, forming what
can be called "minor corruption rings." For example, it became common to see
people exhibiting relief aid on the pavements of popular markets to sell them at
competitive prices, or others buying $200 (or $1,000 previously) from authorized
exchange shops to sell them to currency traders.

Record levels of wealth

There are no estimates or statistical data on the size of the black market and
its proportion to the official market. However, economists agree that it
constitutes a large and dangerous proportion of the market. Speaking to
Al-Akhbar, Dr. Hourani said:

"After monitoring the demand for [foreign] currencies in the market, the demand
for currencies for non-commercial purposes is estimated to be between $3-10
million a day. As for [the demand for foreign currencies] for commercial
purposes, it has surpassed the permitted official threshold to about $25 million
a day."

As for oil derivatives, the lack of transparency in relation to the quantities
offered daily in the markets, and the quantities sold to citizens through
regular channels, makes it difficult to determine or estimate the quantities
being funneled to black market stores. However, given the increasing "black"
[market] stock prices and the difficulty to obtain derivatives through regular
channels and at official prices, it is fair to say that huge amounts are being
traded in this market, allowing a social segment to make huge profits in record
time, while causing serious economic repercussions, which Dr. Hourani sums up in
the following points: high foreign exchange rates, high prices, low income
levels, the decline of reserves, and the loss of credibility by the economic
management.

This article is an edited translation from the Arabic Edition.

Ziad Ghosn

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1050


                            Copyright 2015 Al-Akhbar
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               September 19, 2013

I Won't Resign, By Okonjo-Iweala

BYLINE: Emma Ujah

LENGTH: 1109 words

DATELINE: Abuja


The Coordinating Minister for the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi
Okonjo-Iweala, said yesterday, that she was not contemplating resignation and
will concentrate on her job of managing the nation's economy for the common good
of Nigerians.

The G-7 governors who are opposed to the Alhaji Bamanga Tukur-led People's
Democratic Party, PDP, had on Tuesday called for the resignation of the
minister, considered as one of the most valuable members of President Goodluck
Jonathan's cabinet.

Dr. Okonjo-Iweala made her stand on the issue known at a briefing where she gave
a score card on the performance of the economy.

The minister who was asked by newsmen whether or not she would resign as
demanded by the governors had this to say: "That doesn't arise. I am not here
for those kind of issues. I am Minister of Finance for the country. I am working
with President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan and I will just do my job.

"This (briefing) is not to address that kind of issue. All of you are Finance
correspondents and I call you from time to time to have this kind of press
conference and I share with you what is happening in the economy. That is what I
am doing. So I am not answering that and as you see me here do I look any close
to resignation? I dey kampe."

"We should stop talking about political issues here. The economy should be
managed for the good of Nigerians. That is why we are here. Let's face facts of
the economy. I have given you facts about the economy. I have given you roads
built; agric jobs created, increase in production, you can go and check for
yourself so that we can focus on facts."

The minister urged the governors to be objective and consistent in their
evaluation of the economy, as according to her, the fact that many of them had
gone and still going to the capital market to raise funds through bond issue was
a demonstration of their confidence in the nation's economy.

"The confidence in the economy has been aptly demonstrated and I want to thank
the governors many of them who have demonstrated their confidence in the
management of this economy and the performance of this economy. Their confidence
has been demonstrated by their applications and actions to float bonds.

"Nine states have recently floated bonds, with more applications pending. It is
a total mark of confidence that states are able to float bonds. If you don't
have confidence in an economy, you can't float bonds. You can only float bonds
in an economy that works. If you float a bond in an economy that is not doing
well, nobody will touch it. There will be no takers. If the economy is not doing
well, who will invest in those bonds? That cannot happen anywhere in the world.
The governors have demonstrated confidence in the economy. It is just that they
should be consistent in what they say.

"It is to the credit of this administration that the Federal Government has
created a yield curve, meaning we have created the ability within the economy
and the confidence within the economy for both our corporate and the states to
borrow from the capital market", she said.

Dr Okonjo-Iweala appealed to the governors to ensure that the funds raised from
the capital market were managed in such a prudent manner as to ensure value for
money in the provision of infrastructure in such states.

The minister stated that there had been shortfall in revenue owing to drop in
oil production but that things being managed in a prudent manner and as such in
spite of the shortfalls the government had continued to pay its bills because of
the prudent management by the administration.

"That is not to say that we don't have our challenges. We have never shied away
from talking about that. That is not to say that from time to time they may not
be shortfalls which we will make up and continue along the way.

"Even a person managing a household, knows that from time to time, it could come
that there could be a month when you have a bit of cash crunch. School fees
might come or some other payments and you might feel a little squeeze but then
you pull through and continue.

"We have enough resource to manage the nation's economy and the economy is being
prudently managed. And any time that squeeze comes we have also made provision
to take care of it. That is why we have not asked anyone to come and help us
manage our economy", the minister said.The StowAnswering a question for an
insight into next year's budget, the minister said her team was still in the
middle of its preparation but that it would be a prudent budget to reflect the
global economic realities.

She said that the nation must brace up to preparing for a time where it must
stop depending on oil resources as its economic mainstay, given the various oil
discoveries made in recent times.

Her words, "we are still in the middle of preparing the 2014 budget but I can
tell you this: we will have a very prudent budget because Nigeria is in a global
environment. We have to watch the global environment. All over the world oil is
being discovered. You have heard of the Shale oil and gas discoveries. Only last
week, it was reported that an Australian company has discovered oil even in the
arctic.

"I believe that the country has to prepare itself so that it does not get caught
unawares. We don't want to be caught off-guard. That is what other countries are
doing. We don't want to be the very optimistic and then get caught off-guard.

"In 2014, money will be channeled to ease areas that are bottlenecks to the
economy".

On the situation in the power sector, Dr. Okonjo-Iweala disclosed that $2.2
billion has been realized from the sale of the generation and distribution
companies. According to her the receipts would enable the Federal Government to
clear all outstanding terminal benefits of the staff before the handover of the
companies to the private investors.

The minister disclosed that oil marketers whose supplies have been verified
would be paid today. She also said that the September salaries of federal civil
servants were paid yesterday, as a demonstration that the economy was doing well
as bills were being promptly paid.

According to her, N850 billion capital vote has been released in the last three
quarters, with almost the entire figure cash-backed to enable contractors whose
works have been certified to get paid without undue delay.

She said that the administration was pursuing an aggressive job creation
programmes through various schemes in agriculture, SURE-P, and even sector
manufacturing. She added that the housing sector would soon witness an
unprecedented boost in job creation and home ownership through the mortgage
re-finance scheme to be launched in November.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Dubai to launch global Islamic economy summit

BYLINE: Zaher Bitar Senior Reporter

LENGTH: 476 words


Dubai: The Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry will launch the first Global
Islamic Economy Summit in Dubai in November. The conference is aimed at bringing
together leading thinkers and policy makers from around the world.

The summit will be organised in partnership with Thomson Reuters and will
initiate dialogue on the development of integrated sectors of the Islamic
economy, covering Islamic financial services, halal manufacturing and related
lifestyle sectors.

"As part of the âEUR~Dubai: Capital of Islamic Economy' initiative, the Global
Islamic Economy Summit 2013 offers that one point of focus highlighting a world
of opportunities in the Islamic economy. And there's no better place to do it
than Dubai, the geographic and economic nexus of the Islamic world and a melting
pot of citizens from hundreds of countries and dozens of cultures," said
Mohammad Abdullah Gergawi, Minister of Cabinet Affairs, and Director General of
Dubai Executive Council and Chairman of the Executive Office.

The scale of opportunities and challenges within the global Islamic economy will
be assessed at the summit. The six pillars of an Islamic economy - Islamic
finance, halal food, halal lifestyle, halal travel, SME development and Islamic
economy infrastructure - will be major discussion points at the summit.

"As a growing global business and leisure destination, Dubai is an ideal choice
to become the capital of the Islamic economy. The UAE is already one of the
biggest markets in the region for Islamic banking and we see major opportunities
to enhance the halal food industry, develop trade policies and commercial laws
and Islamic tourism among other sectors. The Global Islamic Economy Summit will
be the ideal platform to explore these ideas and begin a constructive dialogue
for future growth and development," said Abdul Rahman Saif Al Ghurair, chairman,
Dubai Chamber.

Earlier initiative

Earlier this year, His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum,
Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, had launched an
initiative to turn the emirate into a global Islamic economy capital.

The global Islamic economy is estimated at $4 billion, with a consumer base of
1.6 billion Muslims.

Adnan Yousuf, chairman of the Union of Arab Banks, told Gulf News that these
initiatives will not only protect the UAE economy but also have a positive
impact on the Gulf economy overall.

"These initiatives will open a new channel of investments and cash flow into the
region," he said. "In the coming five years, the Islamic economy will represent
40 per cent of the overall economy."

He said that the first Islamic economy infrastructure has its roots in Bahrain
decades ago and other Gulf countries have also started implementing all the
necessary legal and financial infrastructures for Islamic economy where Dubai
comes at the forefront.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2013 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             January 7, 1991 Monday

World airlines recognise lucrative mass market

BYLINE: CHRIS MILNE

LENGTH: 556 words


International airlines are giving greater recognition to their main market -
economy passengers - in a bid to boost revenues.

In recent years, international airlines have concentrated on high-yield travel,
introducing and progressively upgrading business class, and enhancing the
luxurious first-class.

These sections have become highly desirable, high-flying clubs.

Now the airlines are rediscovering the value of the mass market, and making the
high life more comfortable and entertaining for economy-class passengers.

Air New Zealand is expanding as well as refurbishing its economy section on
Pacific and Asian routes, and cutting back on first-class and business-class
seating to lift economy capacity from 318 to 380 seats in its Boeing 747-200s.

British Airways, also focusing on improvements, even plans to change the name:
it is turning its main economy cabins into "world traveller" sections this
month.

A strong stimulus to improving the lot of the economy passenger is the present
tough international economic scene, which has resulted in a softening of the
demand for prestigious, high-yield travel, and concentrated the attention of
airlines on the growth market - economy-class travel.

"Airlines are starting to realise that economy passengers form the bulk of the
market and they have to be given better service," says Richard Green, South
Australian sales manager for Malaysia Airlines.

On its new Adelaide-Kuala Lumpur service, where it uses a DC10, Malaysia
Airlines has upgraded the economy section to virtual business-class standard.

Qantas upgrading

It is only one of several airlines which have been making steady improvements to
economy-class travel in recent times.

Australia's Qantas, which had more than 2.8 million economy passengers in
1989-90 - representing 88 per cent of total passengers and, at $1.57 billion, 73
per cent of total revenue - has been upgrading for five years.

The Qantas product manager for business and economy class, Mr Peter McLaughlin,
says the changes at Qantas, and among other airlines, are being driven by the
realisation that economy passengers, including leisure travellers, are the most
buoyant part of the market - and are being joined by some drift of business
travellers to the economy compartment as businesses rein in their spending.

At British Airways, the chief executive, Sir Colin Marshall, says the move to
introduce its world traveller class will give "greater recognition and status"
to economy-class passengers, who now comprise 74 per cent of his airline's
passengers and generate 55 per cent of its revenue.

British Airways aims to gain a greater share of the economy air travel market
around the world, which Sir Colin says is still a strong growth area, despite
the softening of the first-class and business-class markets as economies around
the world suffer downturns.

There have been some gradual and undramatic changes in economy class of many
airlines already - a hot towel here, a stereo headphone there, a china plate and
cutlery.

But now the changes are becoming more noticeable, helped by the arrival of new
long-distance Boeing 747-400s, capable of flying one-stop from Australia to
Europe and non-stop to the United States.

Keeping the customer happy on such long sectors required a radical rethink.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: meal served aboard qantas b747-400; Economy-class meal time
aboard a Qantas B747-400.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              231 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             January 7, 1991 Monday

World airlines recognise lucrative mass market

BYLINE: CHRIS MILNE

LENGTH: 556 words


International airlines are giving greater recognition to their main market -
economy passengers - in a bid to boost revenues.

In recent years, international airlines have concentrated on high-yield travel,
introducing and progressively upgrading business class, and enhancing the
luxurious first-class.

These sections have become highly desirable, high-flying clubs.

Now the airlines are rediscovering the value of the mass market, and making the
high life more comfortable and entertaining for economy-class passengers.

Air New Zealand is expanding as well as refurbishing its economy section on
Pacific and Asian routes, and cutting back on first-class and business-class
seating to lift economy capacity from 318 to 380 seats in its Boeing 747-200s.

British Airways, also focusing on improvements, even plans to change the name:
it is turning its main economy cabins into "world traveller" sections this
month.

A strong stimulus to improving the lot of the economy passenger is the present
tough international economic scene, which has resulted in a softening of the
demand for prestigious, high-yield travel, and concentrated the attention of
airlines on the growth market - economy-class travel.

"Airlines are starting to realise that economy passengers form the bulk of the
market and they have to be given better service," says Richard Green, South
Australian sales manager for Malaysia Airlines.

On its new Adelaide-Kuala Lumpur service, where it uses a DC10, Malaysia
Airlines has upgraded the economy section to virtual business-class standard.

Qantas upgrading

It is only one of several airlines which have been making steady improvements to
economy-class travel in recent times.

Australia's Qantas, which had more than 2.8 million economy passengers in
1989-90 - representing 88 per cent of total passengers and, at $1.57 billion, 73
per cent of total revenue - has been upgrading for five years.

The Qantas product manager for business and economy class, Mr Peter McLaughlin,
says the changes at Qantas, and among other airlines, are being driven by the
realisation that economy passengers, including leisure travellers, are the most
buoyant part of the market - and are being joined by some drift of business
travellers to the economy compartment as businesses rein in their spending.

At British Airways, the chief executive, Sir Colin Marshall, says the move to
introduce its world traveller class will give "greater recognition and status"
to economy-class passengers, who now comprise 74 per cent of his airline's
passengers and generate 55 per cent of its revenue.

British Airways aims to gain a greater share of the economy air travel market
around the world, which Sir Colin says is still a strong growth area, despite
the softening of the first-class and business-class markets as economies around
the world suffer downturns.

There have been some gradual and undramatic changes in economy class of many
airlines already - a hot towel here, a stereo headphone there, a china plate and
cutlery.

But now the changes are becoming more noticeable, helped by the arrival of new
long-distance Boeing 747-400s, capable of flying one-stop from Australia to
Europe and non-stop to the United States.

Keeping the customer happy on such long sectors required a radical rethink.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: meal served aboard qantas b747-400; Economy-class meal time
aboard a Qantas B747-400.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              232 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

Iranian Economy Minister: National economy flourishing

BYLINE: Fatih Karimov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 254 words


Nov. 09--Iranian Economy Minister Ali Tayyebnia said that the signs of
flourishing are seen in the national economy, IRIB reported.

Fortunately, the point-to-point inflation rate has been declining in recent
months, and hopefully this will be continued by the end of the [Iranian] year
(March 20, 2014), he said.

The main problem is the dependence of the national economy on oil revenues, he
said, adding that the 8-year war with Iraq took the opportunity from officials
to rebuild the country's economy, he explained.

The world's changing attitude towards the country after the recent presidential
elections has opened up new windows of progress in the national economy, he
said.

Previously, Tayyebnia said that low economic growth rate is currently the main
challenge to the national economy.

The ministry will focus on improving the living standards through curbing
inflation and flourishing businesses, he stated.

Major economic reforms should be carried out in four sectors of the Iranian
economy, the Iranian president's economic advisor said.

Masoud Nili added that the foreign currency market, the cash subsidy payment,
the privatization process, and the banking system should be reformed, IRNA
reported on Nov.5.

Once the four sectors of the economy are reformed, economic activities will go
on normally, and then the goal of economic improvement will be implemented,he
explained.

___ (c)2013 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131109-1AZ-Iranian-Economy-Minister-National-economy
-flourishing-1109-20131109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2013


                              233 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           Business Times (Singapore)

Is the New Economy real, does it drive US growth?

                         July 22, 2000, Weekend Edition

Anna Teo


JUST what is the so-called "New Economy", and can it take the credit for the US
economy's recent remarkable record of good growth coupled with low inflation and
low unemployment?

The Conference Board chief Richard Cavanagh -referring, by "New Economy", to the
massive investments in IT and related activities -gave an unequivocal "yes" when
asked in an interview here on Thursday.

Indeed, the New York-based economic research and business membership
organisation has even pinned it down to a 30 per cent contribution: the "New
Economy" has accounted for 30 per cent of US growth in recent years, and
consumer confidence, the remaining 70 per cent, it estimates.

"So we think that the New Economy is a very real thing, and not a passing fad.
And we think that the Internet is transforming how the Old Economy works,
because that's where the major investments are -it's the Old Economy investing
in New Economy tools, techniques and technology," Mr Cavanagh, president and CEO
of The Conference Board, told BT. And he reckons the "New Economy" will continue
to drive 30 per cent of US growth in the foreseeable future.

The Board has organised symposiums to explore the "causes for these very good
economic times", examine how information technology, especially the Internet, is
changing the economy, and determine the effect on business productivity. It will
no doubt continue to do so as the "New Economy" continues to evolve and take
shape. But, meanwhile, it has pronounced its verdict.

Others are not quite so ready to attribute the unprecedented period of US
economic prosperity to the emergence of a "New Economy".

The latest financial markets report of the Monetary Authority of Singapore
contains a little article on the "New Economy" which declares that "a final
conclusion is not yet possible". After all, it notes, the remarkable performance
of the US economy in the last few years can also be explained by a series of
positive supply-side shocks that has boosted growth and contained inflation.

To begin with, although the term is widely bandied about, it remains poorly
defined, the article says. A wide range of ideas falls under the "New Economy"
banner. But there is probably some consensus that the term describes, broadly,
"changes in underlying economic relationships brought about by globalisation and
information technology".

The article cites a study of the arguments by New Economy proponents. Three
different but related views on the causes of the current US economic boom are
identified, and all point to higher productivity as the key driver.

Basically, they say that the widespread use of IT and greater competition,
brought about by globalisation and deregulation, has raised the productivity
trend growth.

The bone of contention, however, is whether the increase in productivity has
been due to structural changes (which would support the "New Economy" theory) or
cyclical effects. And that's where one runs into difficulties.

Productivity in and of itself is already a somewhat nebulous concept. Attempting
to tell structural and cyclical changes in productivity is even more tricky
business. In any case, the evidence is mixed, the article notes.

Robert Gordan, a leading "New Economy" sceptic, for example, argues that a large
part of the strong productivity gains in the last five years was due to cyclical
effects associated with more buoyant economic activity. In his view, the trend
pick-up was due entirely to faster productivity growth in the more durable (and,
one should add, more "measurable") manufacturing sector.

New Economy proponents, however, say that (a point raised too by The Conference
Board's Mr Cavanagh) productivity gains may have been understated, given the
difficulty of measuring them particularly in the services sector. And it's the
services sectors -which have seen the heaviest IT investments in recent years
-which are likely to be the biggest benefactors in the "New Economy".

Furthermore, they argue, strong productivity growth late in the business
expansion suggests that the revival is "real". (Past business cycles show that
productivity gains tend to slow rapidly when an economic expansion is mature.)

So, given the measurement problems and short data series, the article says, a
final conclusion is not possible. But, suggesting perhaps a reluctance to adopt
the "New Economy" view, it adds that it's difficult to discern the effects of
structural changes and supply shocks in the short term. Perhaps the Conference
Board will provide more compelling evidence for the "New Economy" camp.


SECTION: Singapore News; Eye on the Economy; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 767 words

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Times Business Publications


                              234 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                             March 20, 2000, Monday

New or old, it's still got gold

BYLINE: IAN HENDERSON  * Economy

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 340 words


PETER Costello's view that Australia has made the switch from "old economy" to
"new economy" is too simplistic, say industry commentators.

Their comments follow the Treasurer's statement last week that "those that are
in the camp that says, 'Oh, Australia is an old economy', do not have an
accurate read on the sophisticated economy of today".

In response to the debate on whether Australia is old or new economy, Mr
Costello made his position crystal clear: "I just want to make the point that on
the empirical evidence, the Australian economy is a very technologically
sophisticated economy."

But the chief lobbyist for the manufacturing sector, Australian Industry Group
boss Bob Herbert, is more cautious, saying: "I don't like to describe Australia
as old or new, but as an economy in transition."

Mr Herbert said manufacturing was "well down the road to the new economy", but
it was still bedevilled by old economy problems such as industrial relations
troubles and a government that was failing to provide adequate support for
industry research and development.

Westpac chief economist Nigel Stapledon told The Australian he was "not a great
believer" in the simple dichotomy between old and new economies.

"The economy has been constantly changing; computers have been with us for a
long period of time," he said. "I don't think there's necessarily been a sudden
break; there's been an evolution."

Mr Stapledon said the rapid increases in labour productivity that some observers
used as evidence of a fundamental change in the economy stemmed as much from
better economic management as from new technology.

Australian Gold Council chief executive officer Greg Barns described the view of
a split between old and new economies as "too simplistic".

"We need to keep the so-called dotcom boom in some perspective," Mr Barns said.

The gold industry would continue as a vital contributor to jobs, investment and
exports, despite the attention now being paid to the burgeoning services sector
of the economy.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              235 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            February 16, 2015 Monday
                                 First Edition

Boost economy, budget will fix itself

BYLINE: Ross Gittins - Ross Gittins is the economics editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Opinion & Analysis; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 748 words


We are hearing a lot of muddled thinking about how the Liberal Party's
leadership ructions affect the budget and the economy, much of it coming from
business people.

For the sake of their businesses, they need to think more clearly.

There must be some truth to the idea that the political uncertainly is adding to
the lack of business confidence, but the contention it's a big factor is
dubious. "Confidence" is such an amorphous thing. You can say what you like
about why it's up or down without anyone being able to prove you're wrong.

What's incontrovertible is that non-mining business investment isn't growing
very strongly - not as fast as the Reserve Bank was hoping it would be by now,
nor fast enough to offset the rapid slide in mining investment.

I think the main reason for this is simply that businesses don't see much need
to expand at present: their sales aren't growing all that strongly and they're
not about to run out of spare production capacity.

Any chief executive who has failed to take advantage of profitable investment
opportunities because he's so worried about the instability in Canberra deserves
the sack.

No, I think it works the other way round: because the economy's flat and you're
waiting for an attractive investment opportunity to arise, you rationalise your
inactivity by drawing attention to all the failings of the pollies supposed to
be running the economy.

The danger with all this hand-wringing about "confidence" is that it's
supposedly hard-headed business leaders resorting to wishful thinking: "if only
we could have a change of prime minister, everything in the economy would be
much better".

Part of the business angst has been worries about the budget: "it's vital we get
the budget back to surplus to help the economy" and "it will be a terrible thing
if Abbott tries to buy back some popularity by spending big in this year's
budget".

Such comments reveal a weak understanding of the macroeconomic basics. The
budget isn't the economy. They're quite separate things and the fate of the
economy matters far more that the fate of the budget and the size of the
government's debt.

Getting the budget back to surplus within a year or two wouldn't make the
economy grow any faster. In fact, it would make growth much slower. You'd have
to let budget deficits roll on for at least another decade before you got to the
point where it was damaging the economy.

Its main downside would be a level of public debt so high it made the government
reluctant to add to it by using the budget to stimulate the economy out of a
recession. At some point the government's credit rating might be downgraded, but
the fear of downgrades is exaggerated. Its blow to the government's ego would be
greater than the cost to taxpayers or the economy.

The budget and the economy are interrelated, of course, but it's a two-way
relationship. People know the budget affects the economy: cut taxes and increase
government spending and you'll make the economy expand faster; raise taxes and
cut spending and you'll slow the economy down.

The bit many don't get is that the economy also affects the budget. Stronger
growth in the economy leads to faster growth in tax collections and so reduces a
budget deficit, whereas slow growth hits tax collections and so worsens a budget
deficit.

That's where we are now. The prospective budget deficits over the coming three
or four years are now much higher than they were when Joe Hockey took over as
Treasurer. That's partly because of the budget measures blocked by the Senate,
but mainly because commodity prices have fallen much more than expected and tax
collections are growing much more slowly than expected.

The point is, to start slashing and burning in this year's budget would give the
economy another kick in the guts, which would slow growth even further and
probably make the deficit bigger rather than smaller.

This is precisely why, contrary to popular impression, the big cuts proposed in
last year's budget weren't intended to really kick in until 2017, by which time
it was hoped the economy would be back to growing strongly.

We now know the return to strong growth will be delayed. That's why the Reserve
Bank cut interest rates again. But even the Reserve admits that, at such low
levels, monetary policy isn't as effective as it was in stimulating growth.

That's why what we should be thinking about instead is whether the budget ought
to be used to support the economy further by investing in more infrastructure
projects.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 2, 2008 Friday

Economic development summit focuses on new economy

BYLINE: Fred Pace, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


May 2--Expanding awareness about what the "new economy" is was the focus of an
economic development summit Thursday at Tamarack in Beckley.

"We want everyone to know about the economic and social opportunities the new
economy can bring to this area," said Jeff James, chairperson of the Creative
Communities team for A Vision Shared and Create West Virginia, a volunteer
organization.

James says the "new economy" is a segment of the economy that is based on
growing intellectual properties.

"It's more creative in nature," he said.

James said industries that generate innovative and intellectual property include
engineering, research, software development, bio-tech and bio-sciences,
biometrics, academic services, graphic design, Internet services, arts and
culture and many other high-technology industries.

"Anything that you are creating a new idea and you are trying to make money off
that new idea is essentially what is referred to as the new economy," James
said. "It's the fastest growing segment of our national economy."

James said the purpose of the summit was to discuss how the New River Gorge
region can thrive in the new economy.

"It's vital that West Virginia has a very fast growing, diversified, vibrant and
new economy," he said. "We want to talk about what other communities have done
to transform themselves and find success in the new economy, look at this
region's assets and weaknesses and what to do about them, talk about innovative
educational programs, a closer look at the region's technologies, the quality of
place and tolerance and diversity."

James said West Virginia ranks high in quality of place, but low in tolerance
and diversity.

"The importance of openness to new ideas, new people and new opportunities are
key to success in the new economy," he said.

Judy Radford, executive director of the 4-C Economic Development Authority, says
new economy businesses make up close to one-third of West Virginia's economy.

"Create West Virginia meetings are happening all over the state," she said. "We
must remember that today, economic growth more often comes from within, through
creative, innovative entrepreneurs who are attracted to a region for its quality
of place. A community's talent, technology, tolerance, natural beauty and arts
and culture offerings have now become the most important economic assets to
build on for new economic success."

Radford said follow-up meetings will take place with various communities in the
region.

-- E-mail: fpace@register-herald.com

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080502-WZ-Economic-development-summit-focuses-on-new-economy-0502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              237 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    October 5, 1996, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Canadians optimistic economy improving

BYLINE: PAUL MCKEAGUE, SOUTHAM NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


A new poll suggests Canadians are steadily becoming more optimistic about the
state of the economy, with Albertans the most bullish.

But many still fear losing their jobs.

Half the respondents to a Southam News-Angus Reid poll thought the economy was
in good shape. About one in three was optimistic the economy would improve in
the coming year and almost that many expected their personal financial prospects
to get better.

Seventy-three per cent of Albertans polled gave the economy a good grade, up
from 54 per cent in July. In Ontario, 55 per cent of respondents gave the
economy a favorable rating, as did 53 per cent in B.C.

In sharp contrast, two-thirds of Quebecers (64 per cent) said the economy was in
poor shape. A slim majority of Atlantic Canadians shared that view.

When respondents were specifically asked about their provincial economies,
Albertans were again the most optimistic, with 60 per cent saying they expect
their economy to improve in the coming year.

In Ontario, 35 per cent of respondents thought the province's economy would get
better, while 23 per cent thought it would worsen.

Overall, the results indicated Canadians have become more upbeat since the
beginning of the year, when nearly two-thirds of survey respondents thought the
economy was in sad shape and few foresaw improvement.

The poll surveyed a cross-section of 1,516 adults between Sept. 20 and 29.

Fifty-one per cent rated the economy as good, 49 per cent said it was poor.

Confidence in the economy was up only a marginal two percentage points from a
poll in July. But it has climbed steadily since January, when only 37 per cent
of respondents thought the economy was in good shape. The figure was 14 points
higher last month.

The change is a positive sign for the Canadian economy, which has suffered from
low consumer confidence that has curtailed spending.

But the poll indicated that views of the economy are decidedly mixed and much
uncertainty remains. Thirty-one per cent of respondents said they or another
member of their household are worried about losing their jobs, a level of
anxiety that hasn't changed significantly since early 1994.

But 31 per cent said they expected the economy to improve in the next year, up
13 percentage points from January. Twenty-one per cent thought it would get
worse; 46 per cent thought the economy would stay about the same.

Respondents also showed higher confidence on the home front, with 29 per cent
saying they expected their personal financial situation to improve, up five
points since January. The proportion who thought their finances would worsen
dropped by a similar amount to 13 per cent, while 57 per cent expected little
change.

Angus Reid is 95-per-cent certain the national results are accurate within 2.5
percentage points. The margin of error is larger in provincial and regional
breakdowns.

Optimists and pessimists were evenly divided in British Columbia. Quebecers were
the most pessimistic about their province's economy, with 37 per cent expecting
it to get worse, nearly triple the 14 per cent anticipating improvement.

The issue: Economy.

What's new: Southam News-Angus Reid poll shows most Canadians expect economy to
get better.


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

SIA to roll out premium economy class from Aug 9

BYLINE: Nisha Ramchandani , SIA to roll out premium economy class from Aug 9

SECTION: TRANSPORT; Top Stories

LENGTH: 629 words


Singapore

SINGAPORE Airlines (SIA) has revealed its new premium economy product, which
will be introduced from Aug 9, 2015, on selected flights between Singapore and
Sydney.

The airline is investing about US$80 million on its premium economy seats which
will be rolled out on 19 Airbus A380s, 19 Boeing 777-300ERs and the first 20 of
SIA's upcoming A350 aircraft. From the latter part of 2015 onwards, other
medium/long-haul routes which will start offering premium economy seats will
include Beijing, Dubai, Frankfurt, London, Mumbai, New York, Tokyo and Zurich.

Perks will include priority check-in and 35kg of baggage - versus 30kg for
economy class tickets - while KrisFlyer members will also rack up 10 per cent
more miles when they travel in premium economy.

Located in a separate cabin from economy class, each premium economy seat will
have a width ranging between 18.5 and 19.5 inches, with an eight-inch recline
and 38-inch seat pitch. Seats will also feature in-seat power, additional
stowage space, wider meal choices and a 13.3-inch full HD (high-definition)
monitors.

In re-introducing the product, SIA joins a long list of carriers - including
Cathay Pacific and Qantas - which already offer premium economy. It previously
used to offer premium economy on its direct services to New York, before
switching to an all-business class configuration.

As the group struggles with a tough operating environment and with rivals
narrowing the gap, its premium economy cabin - plus the accompanying reduction
in the number of economy seats - will help the group stay competitive, analysts
say.

Its Boeing 777 aircraft will have 28 premium economy seats, while its A380s and
A350s will have 36 and 24 premium economy seats respectively. In the case of its
B777 aircraft, the introduction of premium economy will see the number of
economy seats falling from 228 to 184. Meanwhile, for some of its A380 aircraft,
they will come down to 333 from 399 economy seats previously.

A check on the SIA website shows that its premium economy seat for a round-trip
ticket to Sydney departing Aug 9 starts from S$1,715.

Chief executive officer Goh Choon Phong said: "Many of our customers'
suggestions have been incorporated into the new product, and we are confident it
will be well received by travellers who are looking for more features - in the
seat design, in-flight offerings and exclusive privileges - all underpinned by
the exceptional service that SIA is well known for."

Conceptualisation for the new premium economy-class seats started in November
2013, with seat manufacturers ZIM Flugsitz, Zodiac Seats and design firm JPA
Design.

"The overall reduction in capacity on several medium/long-haul routes is
sensible as it should enable improved yields and profits on routes that have
come under increasing pressure, particularly from Gulf carriers," noted Brendan
Sobie, analyst at CAPA - Centre for Aviation. "But these reductions could result
in a further slowdown in passenger growth figures for SIA and Changi."

Mr Sobie reckons that overall capacity reduction will be slightly more than one
per cent, judging by the various aircraft that will be retrofitted by January
next year. However, the figure will vary from region to region, with capacity
reduction to and from western Europe likely to be in the region of 4 per cent.
In contrast, capacity reduction to South Asia, North Asia and the Middle East
will be under 2 per cent. "For SIA, carrying fewer economy passengers can be
viewed as a positive trade-off as these are passengers that are generally
travelling below cost," added Mr Sobie.

While the group's subsidiaries, budget carriers Scoot and Tigerair, could pick
up some of these "lost" passengers, this is unlikely to be the case for
long-haul markets such as Europe.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Singapore Airlines (SIA) has revealed its new premium economy product,
which will be introduced from Aug 9, 2015, on selected flights between Singapore
and Sydney.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                          November 28, 2012 Wednesday

Dr Zeti says it again: Economy will continue to do well in 2013

BYLINE: Ranjit Singh

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 356 words


Bank Negara Malaysia governor Tan Sri Dr Zeti Akhtar Aziz has repeated her
optimism that the economy will continue to do well in 2013 despite challenges in
the global economy.

Speaking at the opening of the second ISRA Colloquium 2012, Dr Zeti said the
early conclusion to the Greek debt problem and the agreement between the
European Union and the International Monetary Fund to address it, would provide
an avenue for the Greek economy to move forward and look for growth
opportunities.

"The global economy has the opportunity to stabilise but it faces many
structural problems like competitiveness and execution of the financial reforms
which have been put in place that provide some 'noise' to the recovery process,"
said Dr Zeti.

"The resilience of the country's economy was due to the economic payoffs from
implementing financial reforms after the Asian financial crisis and were put in
place for a period of more than a decade which made the country's economy more
diversified and domestic driven," she added.

She said Malaysia needed to prepare for future disruptions in the global economy
especially to financial markets and slowdown in global economic growth.

She said this could be done by enhancing the resilience of the nation's economy
and steps have already been taken like enhancing government spending through the
Economic Transformation Programme and developments in the financial sector.

Dr Zeti said that the growth of the Malaysian economy would be in the region of
5% in 2013 and this would be made possible by the resilience displayed by the
domestic economy which was fuelled by domestic private investments.

Malaysia had taken the necessary steps after the economic crisis of 2008 to
transform its economy from being exportled to being domestic driven and this had
sheltered it from the slowdown in the global economy.

She added that this would be pivotal in supporting the 5% gross domestic produc
t growth.

She said the macro and fiscal policies adopted post-crisis were skewed towards
strengthening the domestic economy and this has put the nation's economy in good
stead in facing the global economic crisis.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             July 2, 2009 Thursday

'In this economy': Three words that are wearing thin;

BYLINE: CINDY LANGE-KUBICK Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 558 words


It's the latest recession cliche.

The new "I'd love to, but ..."

The start of a sentence that invariably ends in resignation or indignation.

Hear those three words - in this economy - and you know what's coming next.
Something entirely predictable - like those mind-numbing lectures from your dad
about turning out the lights.

You can't have a conversation these days without that qualifying clause butting
in to put a damper on things.

In this economy, she's lucky to have a job, your co-worker explains. I'd go on
vacation, but in this economy, I'm having second thoughts, your neighbor
complains.

Everything is great right now, but in this economy, you never know, says your
inner Felix Unger. "In this economy" is the antithesis of "Just Do It." It's a
new verse to accompany any number of crabby old adages. In this day and age
(anything goes). In this climate (be careful what you say). In my day (somebody
would wipe the smirk off that punk's face).

In this house (we don't put our feet on the coffee table, take the Lord's name
in vain, leave our muddy shoes in the middle of the hallway, disrespect your
mother, leave the water running while we brush our teeth).

Where did it start? Hard to say. Campaign speech? Pundit's pen?

All I know is, in this economy, you can't go anywhere without hearing "in this
economy."

Google the phrase and you will find 1.95 million permutations of woe.

In this economy, even sex doesn't sell. (Business down in the brothels of
Nevada, according to the Los Angeles Times.)

In this economy, be glad you're not a young architect. (According to a young
architect.)

In this economy, fear is rational, everything is negotiable and Oprah is cutting
back. (No more lavishing her studio audience with techie gizmos and free cars,
writes the Chicago Tribune.)

Not only that, but in this economy, the NFL is losing ticket sales, Brad Pitt
can't get the movie roles he wants, women's sports teams are facing challenges
and a four-year degree no longer guarantees a job.

In this economy, babies are costprohibitive, comic books aren't selling and
poker is going down.

In this economy, everything is a question mark.

Is free shipping a must? (Depends on whether you're buying or selling.) Is
grant-writing still viable? (Too soon to say.) Is selling your house a good
idea? (Perhaps.) Is a teaching career safe? (I'd think so.) Are morale-boosting
junkets unseemly? (Let's just go with yes.)

In this economy, the phrase "in this economy" even has its own Web site
(inthiseconomy.org). A serious-looking place that claims to be a "Chronicle of
the Great Recession" and includes tips on mortgage scams and couponclipping.

In this economy, folks seem to have those words stuck in their upper palates,
replacing "like" and "um" as sentence filler. Pretty soon, children will be
using it as an excuse to skip play dates. (My mom says I can't do Chuck E Cheese
in this economy.)

Already it's probably the most-used introduction to the layoff. (In this
economy, we just can't afford to keep you.)

It's also probably true that people most hurt by "this economy" aren't overusing
the phrase. It seems a bit tame for those who have actually lost a job or a
home. Or both.

But for now, the three-word introduction to woe-is-us seems to be here to stay,
at least until things start to look up.

Although, in this economy, one never knows when that will be.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         October 08, 1993, CITY EDITION

'Black economy' may generate £2bn a year
Activity in this sector could account for between 5 per cent and 10 per cent of
Gross National Product

BYLINE: By CLIFF TAYLOR

SECTION: BUSINESS THIS WEEK; INFORMAL SECTOR; Pg. SUPPLEMENT PAGE 1

LENGTH: 748 words


ACTIVITY in the "black economy" could amount to around 8 per cent of Gross
National Product, or over £2 billion a year, according to new estimates by Mr
Gabriel Fagan, an Irish economist working at the Bank for International
Settlements.

His analysis estimates that the size of the black economy grew significantly
from the 1960s to the mid-1980s, in line with an increase in the tax burden,
before falling slightly since then.

Mr Fagan, who is on secondment from the Central Bank to the committee of
governors of EC central banks at the BIS, used a range of economic techniques to
estimate the size of the black economy. Two of the main methods, using
techniques based on the amount of money in circulation, conclude it equalled
around 8 per cent of recorded GNP last year, he told a meeting of the
Statistical and Social Inquiry Society in Dublin last night. Other methods
estimate it accounted for between 5 and 10 per cent of GNP.

The black economy is defined as activity not counted in the official statistics,
although it does not include some areas such as household work which is also
excluded from the national accounts.  "The level of the black economy is closely
connected with tax-evaded income," the paper says, in other words non-taxed
"nixers" and other work hidden from the Revenue Commissioners.

Mr Fagan's paper reveals that the Central Statistics Office already makes "black
economy" adjustments to the official GNP figures, adjusting corporate income and
self-employed income upwards by an amount equal to almost 2.5 per cent of GNP to
compensate for undeclared and unrecorded income.

The main area where the CSO may underestimate income is for the self-employed,
Mr Fagan believes, "and, to a lesser extent, corporate profits and undeclared
wage income".

The paper makes clear that there is no perfect way of measuring the size of the
black economy, with every method having some drawbacks and says any conclusions
must be seen as "highly tentative". But it says: "The available evidence
indicates the existence of a significant black economy in Ireland."

One way of estimating the size of the black economy is to use the initial
estimates by the CSO of expenditure in the economy each year and compare them
with its estimates of the level of income. The extent to which spending exceeds
declared income is one measure of black economy activity. This method shows the
black economy accounting for over 5 per cent of GNP or about £1.3 billion last
year. But Mr Fagan believes that this "may not be a reliable indicator of the
black economy" as it is a very rough and ready measure.

The paper then uses a number of more reliable methods based on currency in
circulation. One approach suggests that the level of the black economy climbed
from low levels in the early 1970s to 10.7 per cent in 1988, before easing to
8.2 per cent in 1992, or just over £2 billion. Another, based on the impact of
taxation on the demand for currency, yields similar results, showing a rise in
the black economy to a peak of 9 per cent in 1984, falling slowly to 8 per cent
last year. Mr Fagan links the rise in the black economy to the increase in the
tax burden up to the mid-1980s.

International estimates of the size of the black economy vary widely. For the
US, the estimates range as low as 4 per cent of GNP and as high as 28 per cent,
while for Britain the range is 2.5 per cent to 15 per cent, and 5 to 12 per cent
for Germany.

While the black economy has a significant influence on the level of GNP, Mr
Fagan says it does not have a major impact on the recorded level of GNP growth.
The paper computes a series of growth rates which includes estimates of
movements in activity in the black economy. The broad trend in growth rates is
similar between the official estimates and those including the black economy,
and the average growth rate from the early 1960s up to last year using the
official estimates is 3.5 per cent, compared with 3.8 per cent including the
most volatile measure of the black economy.

"These results provide some justification for the advice of the CSO, proferred
annually in the National Income and Expenditure accounts, that greater reliance
should be placed on year-to-year changes rather than actual levels of national
accounts variables." Mr Fagan rejects some earlier studies which said the size
and growth of the black economy invalidated the use of official GNP growth rates
for analysis and policy purposes.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1993 The Irish Times


                              242 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                Guardian Weekly

                                 August 2, 1981

UK growth sector -- £4 bn in the black

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 797 words

HIGHLIGHT: Victor Keegan investigates the untraceable economy


ONE of the few growth sectors of the economy at the moment is research into the
black economy -- that twilight area of tax avoidance and moonlighting.  An
unprecedented number of reports have been published in recent months,
culminating in one by the Commons Public Accounts Committee which calls on the
Government to crack down on fraud estimated at £4 billion.  However, whether the
black economy is itself growing, and indeed how big it actually is, are still
moot points.

The story so far is this: until two years ago there had been no official
estimate.  People were brimful of anecdotes -- the plumber demanding cash, the
barmaid paid out of the till, dockers driving minicabs and so on -- but no-one
really knew what it all meant.  Then the chariman of the Inland Revenue told a
Commons Select Committee that it was "not implausible" that the black economy
accounted for 7 1/2 per cent of the economy.  He admitted that this was based on
a guestimate of tax avoidance rather than on any detailed research, but the
figure has passed into folklore.  At today's prices that suggests that around £4
billion of potential tax revenue went missing.

Since then, there have been three major estimates based on statistical exercises
and deductions from the national accounts.  One (earlier last week) by an
American, Professor Edgar Feige, suggested that the real size of the UK black
economy was 15 per cent of national income, equivalent to nearly £9 billion of
unpaid tax.  A second (by the Central Statistical Office) said that the hidden
economy was rather larger than 3 1/2 per cent of all activity but not
substantially so.  A third (by the independent Institute of Fiscal Studies)
reckoned that it may be no more than 2 to 3 per cent.  The IFS pointed out that
the subterranean economy could be big enough to provide a huge reservoir of
hearsay stories while still being a comparatively small part of the overall
economy.

The IFS points out that even if every household in the country spends an average
of £300 a year on "black" goods and services, it would add up to only 3 per cent
a year of the whole economy.

The IFS points out that even if every household in the country spends an average
of £300 a year on "black" goods and services, it would add up to only 3 per cent
a year of the whole economy.

A lot of people who think they are on the black economy may not in fact be so
because either their gross earnings would not qualify them for tax payments or
(as, with a lot of self-employed) they would need only a friendly accountant to
reduce their tax liability to zero if they declared their income.

It is also worth pointing out that, although most people's perception is that
the black economy has been growing in recent years, there is as yet no
statistical evidence to support this -- as the current chairman of the Inland
Revenue admitted to the Commons only a few weeks ago.  Indeed one statistical
"proof" has been turned on its head.  Until two years ago it was fashionable to
estimate the size of the black economy from the fact that the measurement of the
UK economy, based on expenditure, regularly exceeded that based on income
(largely deduced from tax returns).

Since people who did not declare their income were forced eventually to spend
it, this was proof of the size of the hidden economy.  But for the past two
years the income measure has actually exceeded the expenditure measure.  In
other words -- it could be argued -- the black economy disappeared just when
people were realising how fact it was growing.

So much for the facts; what about the theories?  The most interesting is that
the existence of a growing (?) black economy leads to an under-recording of the
gross national product figures, which in turn could mean that governments in
Europe (all of which are supposed to have bigger black economies than our own)
are applying inappropriate remedies to their economic problems.

The most seductive theory of all is that what we are experiencing now is nothing
less than a movement back towards an "informal economy" after a brief flirtation
of 200 years or so with a formal one.  If true, this might offer some hope that
the millions displaced by the decline of manufacturing employment will be
absorbed elsewhere.  But this, again, rests on the assumption that the black
economy is growing at a rapid pace for which there is still only anecdotal
evidence.

Even if it is only partly true, the existence of a dual economy does pose
serious problems to the Government.  It may encourage entrepreneurial flair at
the expense of eroding the national propensity to pay tax.  No government faced
with a deficit of £10 billion a year can afford to let a situation like that go
unchecked for very long.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 Guardian Publication, Ltd.


                              243 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           September 30, 2008 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

We can't afford to fluff digital economy chance

BYLINE: KUMAR PARAKALA

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 604 words


ACS

THE pace of change is accelerating. Over the past 20 years, technologies such as
the mobile phone, email, laptop computer and the internet have completely
reinvented the way we work, communicate, perform transactions and seek
entertainment.

By comparison, the next two decades should be breathtaking.

As ICT professionals and future thinkers, we have a responsibility to ensure
that Australia's key decision-makers are aware of technologies that can improve
our lives and understand the possibilities and implications about how they might
be used.

One of the critical developments of the past decade has been the digital
economy, which could revolutionise the way nations, organisations and
individuals conduct their business.

I was invited to attend the Global Forbes chief executive Conference in
Singapore, which brought together more than 450 influential business leaders
with a combined net worth of more than $US160 billion. The digital economy was a
key topic of discussion among participants, who recognise that it will be the
economy of the future, with e-commerce, business and workforce development all
increasingly based on digital applications.

The ACS is determined to do all it can to ensure that Australia has the
opportunity to play a role in this global phenomenon.

That is why we partnered last month with the Committee for Economic Development
of Australia to stage a one-day forum focused on the digital economy.

The ACS has long called for a comprehensive national strategy on the digital
economy and this was echoed by the forum, with a specific recommendation asking
for the Government to develop a ``clearly articulated digital economy strategy
that addresses production, use, participation, regulation and policy''.

Australia cannot afford to sit and wait for digital economy opportunities to
come knocking.

The digital economy offers enormous potential for nations with the right
innovation and services capacity. The spoils of this war will be hotly contested
and we must earn our share.

The digital economy is critical to Australia's ability to compete on the world
stage. It is also one of the few, truly blue-sky areas of the economy outside
our traditional strengths in resources, which can no longer support our
long-term future.

The ACS believes that success in the digital economy needs a number of
requirements.

* Australia should be a strong producer of content and solutions as well as a
competent user.

* The Australian Government must make the building of a stronger digital economy
a national imperative.

* The Government should adopt a sound economic model with a strong statistical
base (with agreed standards) to measure and report on the digital economy.

* A national education strategy should be adopted that supports as national
technology curriculum for schools, providing multiple entry paths (VET, TAFE,
university) to technology careers.

* A clear and effective e-security framework to build confidence and promote the
use of online business models.

To take advantage of the new economy, Australia also needs a viable and
innovative ICT sector to drive productivity and enable growth.

That must be predicated on an environment of trustworthy people, processes and
systems.

The ACS is pleased the federal Government is focusing more on advancing the
digital economy.

In early September, Broadband, Communications and the Digital Economy Minister
Stephen Conroy hosted a forum on the digital economy. He has promised that a
Roadmap for the Digital Economy will be released early next year.

Kumar Parakala is chairman of the ACS and global advisory chief operating
officer at KPMG. www.acs.org.au

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

China to lead global development in 2017

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Jan. 14 -- The World Bank forecasts a 2.7 per cent growth for world
economy and 6.5 per cent growth for China's in 2017, according to the
organization's latest World Economic Prospects on January 10. Experts believe
that Chinese economy will achieve a stable performance this year while
maintaining progress, once again becoming the locomotive of the global economy.

Emerging markets and developing countries are expected to see a 4.2 per cent
rise in their economy, contributing 1.6 per cent to the global growth, the
report says. "The development of world economy in 2017 continues to rely on
emerging economies," Yu Miaojie, deputy dean of the National School of
Development under Peking University, told People's Daily. Developed economies
and emerging economies are the two engines that drive the global economic
growth. The US, the EU and Japan represent the developed economies, while the
emerging economies include China, Russia, Brazil, India and South Africa.

The world economy is still full of uncertainties, said Yu, pointing out the
possibility of more black swan events. He predicted that the uncertainty of the
elections of Germany and France would exert significant impacts on global
economy.

According to Yu, the sluggish economy of Europe and the de-globalization trend
of US in its economic policies are the two major negative factors threatening
the global trade liberalization. However, the developing countries, led by
China, have showed a signal of steady development in the new year. It is
expected that emerging countries, with China as the core, will drive the global
economy in 2017.

Yu noted that the US would set up more trade barriers after Donald Trump takes
the office. As a result, international trade friction is expected to rise.
Meanwhile, Brexit and migrant crisis in Germany are likely to further hurdle the
European economy.

Besides, with an expected growth of 0.6 per cent, it's almost impossible for
Japan to be the mainstay.

On the contrary, China's economy will achieve a stable performance while
securing progress thanks to its continuous supply-side reform that centres on
the improvement of productivity. At the same time, the country will enjoy an
expanded domestic market, growing consumption and increased imports as well. In
addition, more Chinese enterprises are expected to enter overseas market with
sharpened competitiveness, increasing the country's greenfield investment. As a
result, more jobs will be created in the investment destinations.

Despite the uncertainties in 2017, China, with its large size of economy,
high-speed growth and the spirit of mutual-benefit and win-win cooperation, will
become a leading force to revitalize global economy. More and more countries
have echoed China's proposals such as "Belt and Road" initiative, Regional
Comprehensive Economic Partnership and South-South Cooperation. In one word,
China will play an irreplaceable role in the economic development of
Asia-Pacific region, and even the world at large.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      December 19, 2016 Monday 7:22 PM GMT

Cash in hand: how big is Australia's black economy?;
A taskforce is to be set up to crack down on the underground economy, but what
exactly will it be dealing with?

BYLINE: Nick Evershed

SECTION: AUSTRALIA NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


The Australian government has announced a taskforce to "crack down on the black
economy", with a panel reportedly to consider measures such as removing the $100
note from circulation and limiting cash transactions above a certain limit.

So what is the "black economy", and what is it composed of?

In her press release, the minister for revenue and financial services, Kelly
O'Dwyer, defined it in the following way:

While there is no single, internationally-agreed definition, typically the black
economy refers to people who operate entirely outside the tax system or who are
known to tax authorities but deliberately misreport their tax (and
superannuation) obligations. The black economy can also include those engaged in
organised crime, including those who engage in the production and sale of
prohibited goods.

Related:  Cash economy taskforce to decide future of $100 note

The black economy is also variously known as the underground economy, the
non-observed economy or the shadow economy, and definitions can vary to include
different activities. It can include things such as undeclared cash-in-hand
employment, cash payments for goods and services, and payment for illegal
activities.

One estimate of the underground economy from 1999, which only considered cash
transactions and excluded illegal activities, put the size of the underground
economy at around 15% of gross domestic product.

However, a more recent estimate by the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) in
2013, which encompassed proceeds from illegal activities as well as other areas,
estimated the size to be far smaller, at only 2.1% of GDP.

Here you can see the components of what the ABS called the "non-observed economy
" (use the button to compare with GDP):

The largest component is "underground production", which had an estimated value
of 1.5% of GDP at the time, or $22.7bn. Underground production is defined as
"activities which may be legal but are deliberately concealed from public
authorities", such as undeclared cash-in-hand jobs, and the ABS report says it
is typically concentrated in industries such as "construction, accommodation,
cafes and restaurants, personal and other services, and retail trade".

Indeed, construction topped the list of industry groups in the anlysis of
underground production, where the estimate of the understatement of income and
overstatement of expenses was considered relative to the industry's contribution
towards GDP.

The next-largest overall component is the illegal drug trade, with an estimated
value of $5.6bn.

The last category is "household production for own use". This may be a
less-familiar category than the other two, and it's defined as "own-account
production of all goods retained by their producers for their own final
consumption or gross capital formation; and own-account production of housing
services by owner-occupied dwellings".

This means things such as backyard production of vegetables or livestock, solar
power, and the "imputation of rent to owner-occupied dwellings". This is a bit
tricky to explain but you can read more about the category here.

One of the measures to be examined will be the potential phasing out of the $100
bill, O'Dwyer said in an interview on 3AW.

A recent Reserve Bank of Australia bulletin showed that the two banknotes in
highest demand were the $50 and $100 dollar bills, with these two making up the
majority of notes in circulation:

The same report showed that while the use of cash for payments is declining,
it's still the most popular option. It also noted that removing $100 notes would
have little impact on illegal activities, as criminal elements reportedly prefer
the $50 note as it's more common in legitimate transactions.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

Global Islamic economy can bring welcome revitalisation

BYLINE: Abdulla Mohammed Al Awar

LENGTH: 641  words


Abdulla Mohammed Al Awar

At a time when the IMF describes the global economy as entering "secular
stagnation" because of a decline in investments and an ageing population, the
Islamic economy stands in stark contrast offering an increasingly viable elixir
for stimulating global economic growth and success in the 21st century.

Today, on the first day of the Global Islamic Economy Summit, we see that
throughout the world, Muslims are becoming increasingly active as investors and
manufacturers, bankers and traders, competitors and suppliers are emerging as
real partners in the global economic system.

The fast-growing and predominantly young Muslim population of 1.7 billion people
represents a major opportunity. This is clearly evidenced in the massive spike
in Muslim consumer spending across a variety of sectors. So at a time when many
other consumer markets, from New York to Sydney, are reaching saturation point,
Muslims offer a new outlet from which to build a base for future growth.

However, although the consumers of the Islamic economy are primarily Muslims,
there are others who share similar values who are increasingly being attracted
to the Islamic economy's underlying socially-conscious ethos, embodied in Halal
food, modest fashion and family-friendly tourism.

The demand also extends to business practices that seek ethical finance,
investment and insurance services. Any company that is not considering how to
serve this value-driven market is missing a significant opportunity to impact
positively its top and bottom line growth.

As the purchasing power of Muslims increases, the Islamic economy is creating
value for consumers and the economies involved. Within the OIC, concerted effort
is being made to develop intra-OIC trade, which is further facilitating the
development of the Islamic economy sectors. And as the OIC countries become more
and more integrated with the global economy, as suppliers and consumers, as well
as providers and seekers of foreign investments, global interconnectedness is
making it easier for developed economies and multinationals to seek out new
growth markets.

In the next 10 to 15 years, the world will undergo fundamental change.
Disruptive technologies, such as the Internet of Things, driverless cars,
next-generation robots and 3D printing, will all have a dramatic impact on how
we do business and interact with each other. At the forefront of this economic
and social revolution will be young people, constantly innovating, asking how
can this be done differently, or how it can be made better. With a population
growing twice as fast as the global population, the Muslim world is poised to
take centre stage in this new "new economy". The question is no longer: "What is
the Islamic economy?" It is: "How can we best benefit from it?" The answer to
that question may well be found at the Global Islamic Economy Summit.

The Islamic economy has the potential not only to drive national economic growth
but also to help heal the wounds that have left millions of people across the
world disillusioned and seeking a better way of doing business. True, the
Islamic economy is not without its own challenges, including job creation,
training and education. But the combination of a young consumer market, an
entrepreneurship engine driving innovation and wealth creation and synergies
within and across Islamic economy sectors, is creating opportunities that are
building an unstoppable momentum.

At a time when some respected economists say we are on the brink of a new global
recession, triggered by events in the euro zone, uncertainly over the Chinese
economy, mass migration and bearish equity markets, the Islamic economy could
prove to be a knight in shining armour for struggling economies.

Abdulla Mohammed Al Awar is the chief executive of Dubai Islamic Economy
Development Centre.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2015 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               December 31, 2014

Recovery of US economy challenge for emerging nations

LENGTH: 292  words


Rebound in the US economy and a strong dollar means developing countries will
see outflow of foreign capital. Emerging economies, including China, need to be
prepared to meet this challenge.

It is reported that US GDP in the third quarter rose by an annualized rate of 5
percent, the fastest rate of growth recorded since 2011. The rebound is above
expectations - a 5 percent increase is historically unusual, especially for an
economy as big as the US.

The US has been maintaining inflation below 2 percent, and low prices have
contributed to the economic rebound. Low inflation, combined with low
international oil prices, has given a boost to US consumer confidence and to
domestic consumption. A strong US dollar has attracted foreign capital to the
US.

The rebound in the US economy is definitely good news domestically, but it is
mixed news for emerging economies. As the US is a major importer, its recovery
will increase its imports from emerging economies. Emerging economies can take
the opportunity to promote their economic development.

But there is also a challenge caused by the rebound in US economy and a strong
US dollar. As the US economy grows stronger, the Federal Reserve is likely to
raise its interest rates, which will result in depressing the currencies of
emerging economies. This will cause a further outflow of foreign capital from
emerging economies. Russia's large economy is already suffering from a weak
ruble. China is suffering similar pain. This outflow of foreign capital will
pose a challenge to emerging economies.

To deal with this challenge, emerging economies should have sound monetary
policy, and significant and well-managed foreign reserves. They will also need
to focus on further developing their real economy.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                October 06, 2014

Sharing Economy Can Change Informal Sector

BYLINE: Happiness Zengeni

LENGTH: 779 words


The Sharing Economy trend could transform the informal economy as it enables
multiple people to have access to markets, which are generally not accessible to
them in a formal set up, US economic analysts have noted.

Sharing Economy is used to describe an economic model based on sharing,
swapping, bartering, trading or renting access to products as opposed to
ownership.

It takes a variety of forms, often leveraging information technology to empower
individuals, corporations, non-profits and government with information that
enables distribution, sharing and reuse of excess capacity in goods and
services.

An economist from the Fiscal Policy Institute Mr James Perra noted to
journalists in New York that Sharing Economy had provided additional sources of
income to US citizens at the time the economy was in recession.

"The US economy has recovered from a recession, but this has been the weakest
recovery on record. During that period, unemployment was high while the income
lines fell in low wage sectors.

"The Sharing Economy has grown against this backdrop. Periods of low economic
growth make people open to more innovation."

Arun Sundararajan, Professor of Information, Operations and Management Sciences,
Stern School of Business, New York University, said the Sharing Economy model
represents new capitalist economic activity at scale.

"Before the model, commercial transactions were based on big brands and
organisations, while at the same time use was tied to ownership. The Sharing
Economy breaks these assumptions as multiple people can access it with no one
exclusively owning goods."

Where the economy is highly informalised as in the case of Zimbabwe, the Sharing
Economy could be used to break monopolies held by bigger companies, some of
which are not performing at the moment as it allows for the pooling of anything
from ideas, assets and services under one umbrella market.

"Such a model reduces the cost of transaction and at the same time increases
economic activity as there is better use of financial capital, labour and
physical assets.

"So it would definitely represent opportunities in economies where people are
self-employed. It creates intermediaries to help people have access to goods and
income for the providers," said Professor Sundararajan,

One of the success stories of Sharing Economy globally is Airbnb (an
accommodation provider), now present in 192 countries including Zimbabwe.

It is set to become the largest provider of accommodation in the world after it
recently hit 425 000 rooms/night.

Airbnb recently received a $10 billion valuation, and startups like Lyft,
Poshmark, fitmob and Uber, which received a $17 billion valuation in its last
round, are gaining traction while consumers benefit from lower prices, higher
quality, and unprecedented convenience.

The rise of the sharing economy is, however, dependent upon access to the
necessary technologies, which many people in the developing world lack.
Recently,

Econet Wireless Zimbabwe chief executive Mr Doug Mboweni noted that the
penetration rate for smartphones was low at 10 percent so the group would be
aggressive in the push for such phones as they drive usage.

Mr Mboweni said: "Smartphones are generally hungry for bandwidth and as such
drive usage. And this is a trigger for healthy revenue streams. We are pushing
smartphones towards the $50-$60 mark. After which we can now drive content,
local content."

Speaking at an economic symposium in January this year, Finance and Economic
Development Minister Patrick Chinamasa said the informal sector was now a
dominant force of the economy and people should accept that reality.

World Bank country economist Ms Nadia Piffaretti also said it was high time that
Government started paying attention to the sector, constituting 46 percent of
Zimbabwe's economy.

This constitutes a significant proportion of the economy compared to South
Africa at 17 percent and Malawi at 13 percent. Ms Piffaretti said that SMEs
constituted 60 percent of the economy after dollarisation in February 2009.

According to a study done by the Zimbabwe National Statistical Agency, the
employed population aged 15 years and above, was estimated to be 5,4 million,
with 84 percent of them in informal employment, 11 percent in formal employment
and 5 percent in employment not classifiable.

According to a Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) survey conducted by Finscope
in 2012, a total 5,7 million jobs have been created from 2,8 million small
businesses, while 800 000 small business had employed 2,9 million people.

The study also established that US$7 billion was circulating in the informal
sector in the country, which is reeling from a liquidity crisis.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             October 6, 2013 Sunday

UAE launches "strategic plan" to turn Dubai into capital of Islamic economy

LENGTH: 1645 words


Text of report in English by UAE news agency WAM website

[Unattributed Report: "Mohammed Bin Rashid Launches The Strategic Plan For The
Development Of The Islamic Economy Sector"]

His Highness Shaykh Muhammad Bin Rashid al-Maktum, Vice President and Prime
Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, today launched the strategic plan for
developing the Islamic economy sector, in the presence of HH Shaykh Hamdan Bin
Muhammad Bin Rashid al-Maktum, Crown Prince of Dubai and Chairman of Dubai
Executive Council and H.H Shaykh Maktum bin Muhammad bin Rashid Al Maktum,
Deputy Ruler of Dubai. The Plan includes seven key pillars and 46 strategic
initiatives to be implemented within 36 months. The aim is to enhance the
position of Dubai as the capital of the Islamic economy.

After the launch ceremony, HH Shaykh Muhammad bin Rashid said: "The continued
developments and changes in the global economy increase the need to constantly
diversify the structure of our national economy. Our firm principle in the UAE
is not to rely on one single economic resource or sector. The Islamic economy is
not new to us, In fact we have accumulated considerable expertise in this field
and our aim is the global arena." HH Shaykh Muhammad bin Rashid Al Maktum added:
"In the UAE, we excel at the public -private sector partnership, where both
sectors work as one team. Therefore, I am optimistic about the success of the
Islamic economy sector and about placing Dubai on the international economic map
as the global destination of choice that provides Islamic products, finance and
services as well as raising the standards for the management and quality of this
sector to new levels." HH Shaykh Muhammad bin Rashid Al Maktum said: "Our aim
from all economic initiatives we launch is to improve the quality of life and
providing opportunities that ensure a prosperous future for coming generations."
HH Shaykh Muhammad bin Rashid Al Maktum also directed all stakeholders to
coordinate their efforts in light of the strategic plan for developing the
Islamic economy sector and to support this sector by continuously launching
strategic initiatives and programmes.

The ceremony was attended by H.E Muhammad Ahmad Al Murr, Chairman of the Federal
National Council, H.H Shaykh Majid bin Mahammad bin Rashid Al Maktum, Chairman
of Dubai Culture and Arts Authority, HE Lt. General Dahi Khalfan Tamim, Chief of
Dubai Police, as well as a number of ministers, heads and directors of
government departments, leaders of the business community and media
representatives.

HH Shaykh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum said: "The strategic plan for
developing the Islamic economy sector is a road map for the future which sets
the frameworks for uniting the efforts of various institutions and parties
operating in this sector in line with the vision of HH Sheikh Mohammed bin
Rashid Al Maktum to position Dubai as the global capital of the Islamic economy.
" HH Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum added "When HH Sheikh
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum specified the goal, he wanted an Islamic economy
sector with a global vision and with local human resources to serve our national
economic interests. His vision was to turn Dubai into the future global capital
of the Islamic economy." HH Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum also
added: "The vision is clear The determination is high The leadership is decisive
The operational teams are ready, and the obstacles ahead will be met by
exceptional people." The strategic plan for the development of the Islamic
economy sector, which was launched at a ceremony attended by a large number of
senior executives, businessmen, and experts from various economic sectors,
relies on seven main pillars that revolve around making Dubai the global
reference and hub for Islamic financing, the main centre for halal food
industries and the trusted name for the accreditation of such products, the
destination of choice for family tourism, the main world platform for Islamic
e-commerce and Islamic digital economy, the global capital for Islamic design
and innovation, the main centre and reference for knowledge, education, and
research in all pillars of the Islamic economy, and the most reliable centre for
Islamic economy standards and certification.

The Crown Prince of Dubai emphasized that the strategic plan and its main
pillars are a major step towards enhancing Dubai's position as a global hub for
Islamic products and will effectively contribute to achieve the targeted goals
of the initiative of establishing Dubai as the Capital of the Islamic Economy.
Overall, this will not only diversify the national economy, but also enhance it
by adding a new vital sector that will further enrich Dubai's outstanding
reputation in the economic field and establish it as the global capital of the
Islamic economy.

Meanwhile, members of the higher committee for the development of the Islamic
Economy Sector, which is chaired by Mohammed Abdullah Al Gergawi, the Chairman
of the Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum's Executive Office and the Chairman
of the Higher Committee for the development of the Islamic Economy Sector
presented a description for the main directions and initiatives of the plan,
each on his sector and within his specialization.

Al Gergawi emphasized in his speech during the launch ceremony that the
strategic plan includes seven main pillars and 46 initiatives to be implemented
within 36 months, according to the direction of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin
Rashid Al Maktum, who ordered to reduce the period from 5 years to only 36
months".

He added: "the Higher Committee for the development of Islamic Economy Sector
has been able within few months from the launch of the initiative "Dubai the
Capital of Islamic Economy" by His Highness sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al
Maktum, to develop a series of initiatives that will enhance the position of
Dubai as a destination and capital for Islamic Economy such as the Islamic Sukuk
initiative, which so far has attracted AED 46 billion and is expected to reach
AED 60 billion by the end of the year." Other initiatives include the
establishment of Islamic banking centre, the Global Islamic Economy Summit in
November of this year, and the Islamic Economy Award. Moreover a number of
universities started making available courses pertaining to the Islamic economy
in order to qualify human resources for this sector.

In his presentation, Essa Kazim, CEO of Dubai Finical Market and the Secretary
General of the Higher Committee for development of the Islamic Economy sector
said: "the strategic plan will contribute to enhance the position of Dubai as
the global capital of Islamic Economy at a time when many countries are
competing to attract investments in the Islamic Economy Sector and the demand
for goods and services in this sector is increasing. This requires solid
cooperation between all related parties to coordinate their efforts in order to
achieve the goals that the initiative was launched for".

Additionally, the strategic plan aims through its second pillar "The trusted
name ' and 'solution provider in the Halal food industry" to develop a local
network of facilities and logistic services to produce, export, re-export and
create a set of best practices in this sector.

As for the third pillar ,"The destination of choice for family friendly
tourism", the strategic plan aims to develop the Islamic economy sector to
promote Dubai's position as a centre for family tourism which provides a series
of facilities and tourist activities suitable for all family members. Based on
the directions of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum, Dubai has
successfully made many steps in augmenting its position as the favourite tourist
destination for families from all over the world. This achievement is made
evident through the increasing inflow of tourists to the Emirate, with their
number increasing by 11.1 per cent to 5.58 million during the first half of this
year compared to the corresponding period of 2012.

Within the fourth pillar, "The pioneer of the Islamic digital economy," the
strategic plan will endeavour to promote Dubai as an oasis and incubator for the
development of electronic programmes, applications and games, a platform for
Islamic E-commerce, a global centre for Islamic media, and a pioneering and
incubating environment for the Islamic digital economy.

Through the fifth pillar, "The capital of Islamic fashion, arts and design", the
strategic plan aims to cement Dubai's position as a centre for Islamic design
and architecture, a global destination for showcasing and trading of various
types of Islamic arts, and a global centre for design, display and retail of
conservative fashion. Dubai has initiated this drive with the launch of "Dubai
Design Centre" by His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum. The centre
will include design schools and facilities for designers from various sectors
representing companies and luxury brands, which ultimately represents a unique
addition to promote Dubai as a global fashion destination.

As for the seventh pillar, "The world class centre for Islamic economy standards
'&' certification," the strategic plan aims to establish Dubai as the global
reference for the issuance of Islamic management standards and a certified
centre for issuance of Halal certificates for various products and services.

His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktum, Vice President and Prime
Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, launched the "Dubai The Capital Of
Islamic Economy" initiative early this year to add this sector to the key
sectors of the sound UAE economy with the aim of supporting the economy through
a new dynamic sector representing a quantum leap for the prosperous economy of
Dubai and the UAE.

Source: WAM news agency website, Abu Dhabi, in English 0000 gmt 6 Oct 13

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday

Europe's efforts on curbing shadow economies

BYLINE: By Kim Bo-eun

LENGTH: 844 words


Shadow economies around the world serve as platforms for tax evasion, creating
tax injustice and large gaps in tax revenue. Developed countries in Europe are
no exception, and thus, their governments have been taking action to reduce the
size of their underground economies.

Shadow economies of European nations

According to a report on Europeâ[#x20ac][TM]s shadow economies and related
government measures the Samsung Economic Research Institute (SERI) released last
February, countries with thriving underground economies are mostly located in
eastern and southern Europe. While estimates of the size of unrecorded economic
activities differ according to calculation methods, the report found that
Bulgaria has the largest shadow economy in percentage of GDP, accounting for
31.9 percent.

Based on an analysis of 27 European states by region, the report showed
unofficial economies are largest in eastern Europe, followed by southern,
northern and western Europe. The top five countries in terms of the size of the
underground economy were all located in eastern Europe, while the bottom five
were located in the west.

Based on another analysis of shadow economies of six European countries
â[#x20ac]" Germany, Italy, Spain, Poland, Romania and Turkey â[#x20ac]" the
report noted the construction industry contributed the most to the shadow
economy with 33 percent. This is because many construction firms fail to report
the contracts they sign with their subcontractors. The construction industry was
followed by the wholesale and retail industry with 21 percent, accommodation and
food service industry with 20 percent and transportation and communications
industry with 15 percent.

Results of the study indicated construction industry took up the largest part of
the underground economies of all six countries.

However, citing a 2011 paper by Professor Friedrich Schneider of the Johannes
Kepler University of Linz, the report stated the growing usage of electronic
payment systems is reducing unreported activities.

Background

For eastern European countries, vestiges of socialism were found to contribute
to the large underground economies in the region. Corruption that plagued
socialist regimes was presumed to have facilitated the growth of shadow
economies. The Worldwide Governance Indicators report by the World Bank showed
corruption indexes and the size of underground economies were correlated.

As for southern European countries, the strong characteristics of provincial
regions and the weak authority of central governments were thought to have led
to the expansion of unofficial economies. The regionalism in Italy arising from
the difference in economic development between the north and the south, and
independence movements such as in Catalunya, Spain, have weakened central
governmentsâ[#x20ac][TM] power and facilitated the spread of underground
economies, the report said.

Government measures

Governments in southern Europe have started taking measures to tackle their
shadow economies amid the financial crises they face.

The government in Greece has made receipt issuance mandatory in order to monitor
tax evasion by small-and medium-sized enterprises and the self-employed. It has
gone as far as allowing customers to refuse to pay if the business does not
issue a receipt.

Spain drew up a yearly plan for taxation management, which estimated that if it
manages to scale down its underground economy by half, it will be able to secure
38.5 billion euros in tax revenue each year. It is toughening up crackdowns on
the construction industry and is working together with provincial governments to
make tax collecting processes more transparent.

Italy implemented â[#x20ac]oeredditometro,â[#x20ac] a new method that employs
indices and factors used to calculate tax inductively, to help identify tax
dodgers. If the national tax service finds that a taxpayerâ[#x20ac][TM]s
expenditure exceeds 20 percent of his or her reported income, the agency
requests for detailed statements to investigate the taxpayer.

In addition, governments of European countries as well as the European
Unionâ[#x20ac][TM]s tax authority have been toughening regulations and penalties
against multinational corporations.

Implications

Lee Jong-kyu, a former research fellow at SERI who compiled the report, pointed
out in the report that for EU member states experiencing a financial crisis,
securing tax revenue through detecting tax evasion in shadow economies will
serve as a medium for achieving fiscal stability. This is because the
insufficient sources of tax revenue arising from the underground economy
constitutes another aspect of Europeâ[#x20ac][TM]s financial crisis, he stated
in the report.

The shadow economies of the 27 member states of the EU were estimated to amount
to some 1.9 trillion euros or 19 percent of the total GDP. This figure exceeded
the fiscal deficit of 555.2 billion euros, or 4.4 percent of the total GDP.

However, rash attempts to minimize the size of the underground economy could
create problems; governments should deal with illegal issues first and then move
onto issues such as cash transactions to minimize backlash, Lee said.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              June 20, 2011 Monday

MoF study report warns of negative impact of underground economy

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, June 20 -- Nazmul Ahsan

A recent study report of the finance ministry has warned that ongoing
accumulation of substantial volume of wealth in the hands of operators of 'black
economy' could create 'asset bubble, leaving a negative impact on the country's
economy.

The report strongly suggested taking measures to bring the underground economy
within the fold of formal economic activities.

According to the people involved in the study, the size of the country's
underground economy in 2010 was 81 per cent of its gross domestic product (GDP)
as the worst case scenario and 45 per cent on the basis of a moderate estimate.

The report, citing a research by Professor Friedrich Schneider, who is renowned
globally for his outstanding analysis of the underground economy, said the size
of underground economy of Bangladesh was 35.6 per cent of GDP in 2000, which
increased to 37.70 per cent in 2003.

The report noted that accumulation of substantial volume of wealth by a group of
individuals with the expansion of its 'underground economy' had resulted in an
unequal living standard in society.

The report, titled 'The Size of Underground Economy of Bangladesh - an
Econometrics Analysis,' is the first of its kind in the history of Bangladesh.

The report has linked the soaring prices of land and the over-heated share
market in the recent period with the growth of the 'shadow economy'.

'Unequal living standard is being evident in society following the accumulation
of wealth in the hands of a group of people, thanks to the expansion of the
underground economy in the country,' reads the report of MoF.

The summary of the report has recently been submitted to Prime Minister Sheikh
Hasina by the ministry, a top official in the MoF said.

The report said the influence of 'black economy' on the country has been on the
rise. Indicators like the country's velocity of illegal money, the velocity of
legal money and the velocity of narrow money played significant role in
finalising the analysis of the underground economy, a source said.

Officials involved in preparing the report said increased burden of taxation,
unregistered economic activities, unreported income from the production of legal
goods and services and illegal activities, intensity of regulation and
restriction in the case of foreign workers are some of the factors that have
long been playing critical role in breeding black money and nurturing the shadow
economy in the country.

The projections made by the government every year in relation to economic
indicators often do not portray the actual picture of the country's macro-
economy, as the same do not take the size of the country's shadow economy into
consideration while preparing budget estimates, the report said further.

"It is imperative that the underground economy is brought under the formal
economic order to implement the government's 'Vision 2021' and taking the
country on a 10 per cent growth trajectory in 2021,' the report mentioned.

It said higher tax and excessive institutional formalities lead to tax evasion.
Taking into consideration the large size of black and untaxed money in the
country, the government should try to bring the underground economy under the
purview of taxation. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
Financial Express. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                              May 15, 2011 Sunday

Strengthening pillars of knowledge-based economy key priority

LENGTH: 563 words


ABU DHABI - Sultan bin Saeed Al Mansouri, UAE Minister of Economy, underscored
the commitment of the Ministry of Economy to raise awareness about the
fundamental concepts of a knowledge-based economy across the private and public
sectors in line with the UAE vision 2021 and the federal strategy 2011-2013.

He was addressing the Knowledge Economy Forum, organised by the Ministry of
Economy, to strengthen awareness on [#x2028]knowledge economy.

The Forum was inaugurated by Engineer Mohammed Ahmed Bin Abdul Aziz Al Shehhi,
Undersecretary of the Ministry of Economy, at the Intercontinental Hotel in Abu
Dhabi in the presence of number of representatives of federal agencies and the
private sector in the UAE.

Al Mansouri said that driving the evolution of a knowledge-led economy is the
strategic objective of the government. "The Ministry of Economy is committed to
attract international expertise to support economic development by focusing on
the introduction of advanced technologies. These are aimed at boosting the
efficiencies of various industrial and economic sectors. We are also focused on
promoting a culture of innovation and research  development."

Al Shehhi said the Ministry of Economy organised the Forum to achieve three main
objectives: the first is to shed light on the concept and the prospects of the
knowledge economy; the second is to reaffirm the Ministry's commitment  to raise
awareness about this concept, which would contribute to achieving the UAE Vision
2021 and the ministry's strategy in building a competitive knowledge-based
economy led by qualified UAE nationals supported by creativity and knowledge;
and the third is to promote dialogue and interaction with the Ministry's
partners based on the strategy assigned to them.

Al Shehhi said the Ministry of Economy is working to further strengthen small
and medium enterprises (SMEs) as one of the most prominent contributors to the
transition to knowledge-based economy.

This will be led by best global practices and benefiting from the experiences of
countries that succeeded in the development of SME models based on innovation
and creativity, such as Singapore, Sweden, Denmark and [#x2028]South Korea.

He added that the Ministry has launched a number of projects and online services
that support UAE's efforts to build a knowledge-based economy. One key
initiative is the "Made in UAE" portal, where manufacturers can display its
products electronically with supporting photos, and product descriptions. The
portal aims to promote UAE national products to a wider audience. The Ministry
has also showcased the Electronic System for Goods Monitoring which gained much
attention from senior officials and entrepreneurs. This advanced project
connects the Ports  Customs and the Ministry of Economy and centres of major
retailers, enabling the Ministry to counter any attempts at potential monopoly
practices by negotiating with suppliers or distribution outlets.

Another highlight was the issuance of Arabic Certificates of Origin online. This
service offers flexible procedures for investors thus further enhancing the
investment environment of the UAE.  With this service, the merchant or the
producer can apply online and request for a certificate of origin, and update or
change the contents of the request for the certificate any time. This procedure
is available in both English and Arabic languages.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2011 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           August 12, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Swan tells party to hold tight

BYLINE: Laura Tingle Political editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 583 words


The federal government's bank guarantee and stimulus package are likely to stay
in place until at least early 2010, with Treasurer Wayne Swan telling federal
parliament that the Group of 20 finance ministers would only start mapping out a
timetable for their easing later this year.

Mr Swan's comments yesterday came as he rejected opposition calls for the
government to start winding back economic stimulus amid signs of a bounce back
in the domestic economy.

He observed good economic data in recent weeks would likely have a positive
impact on the mid-year review of the budget forecasts.

But his comments on the G20 confirm that the government is likely to assess an
appropriate rate of wind back of its fiscal stimulus as it constructs its 2010
budget next May.

The Treasurer was delivering a ministerial statement on the economy in which he
updated MPs on the global recession and its impact on the Australian economy.

He gave a cautiously optimistic assessment of the outlook for the domestic
economy, but warned "the ongoing impact of a global recession will continue to
wash through our economy, altering forever the world's economy and presenting us
with a new set of imposing challenges".

Conditions in the global economy were still very difficult, he said, with
Australia one of only two advanced economies to grow in the March quarter,
although there were some encouraging signs that the pace of contraction in the
global economy was slowing.

"Even after the crisis abates, it is likely that world output will grow by less
than it has in the past, as economies adjust to the effects of greater risk
aversion, increased capital requirements in the financial system and lower
leverage," he said.

He said there was now "substantial evidence the government's measures to soothe
financial markets and support the economy are working, helping to steer
Australia through the most difficult period in the global economy since the
Great Depression".

"It is important to remember that the positive signs we have seen in our economy
and the recent upward revisions to forecasts by the International Monetary Fund
and Reserve Bank of Australia are predicated on our temporary stimulus being
fully implemented," he said.

"That's why, to those who suggest we should wind back stimulus, I say that would
be pulling the rug out from under the recovery."

He and Prime Minister Kevin Rudd would be working at G20 meetings in London and
Pittsburgh in September to ensure the G20 had fully delivered on commitments to
provide stimulus to the global economy and reform the global financial system.

With that achieved, "we will work with our G20 colleagues to map out an
appropriate timeframe and process for the coordinated unwinding of the
extraordinary measures taken by governments to stabilise the global economy and
support recovery".

The Treasurer said a key challenge remains "how the world sustains growth beyond
2010".

"Not only will we see weaker global growth as we emerge from the global
recession, but the very structure of the global economy is changing
dramatically. No longer will we be able to rely so heavily on the American
consumer as the primary driver of global growth," he said.

In a clear signal to China, he said emerging economies, particularly in our
region, would increasingly need to generate their own internal demand.

KEY POINTS

· Treasurer Wayne Swan says the next G20 meeting will discuss when to wind back
economic stimulus.

· He added that emerging economies need to generate their own demand.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                 Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 5, 2009 Friday

OPINION: Our economic stimulus package requirements

BYLINE: James M Bodden III, Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1004 words


Jun. 5--There was a recent announcement that the newly-elected government would
seek to create and initiate a stimulus package for our economy and country, a
way to uplift the needy and suffering in the Cayman Islands.

I certainly hope that this becomes a fruitful reality. However, even the
newly-elected and sworn-in Leader of Government Business admits that the
government has no idea as to where they are going to find the funds for this
socio-economic stimuli.

Time will tell how the money is procured by the government but for this to be
truly successful there should be some other adjustments to aid the
socio-economic revitalisation. What is increasing the destabilisation and
taxation of the economy currently is the constantly increasing cost of living,
with the declining standard of living. Basically, prices are going up while
quality of goods and services is going down.

The stimulus package will only be a "stop gap" if certain measures are not also
taken to ensure that the economy is truly strengthened and balanced. An economy
exists by the fruits and labours of the people. If the people fall, so does the
economy. Due to this fact certain protective measures and parameters should be
set to ensure that the economy is not strained into a recession.

The more things cost, the less money people have. The less money they have, the
less contribution to the economy there will be. With less contribution, the
economy goes into a recession. If this is continued, the economy goes into a
depression. A depression leads to a complete economic overhaul and rebuilding.
This is not something Cayman can afford to do because of our lack of natural
resources and sustained industry.

If the government were to enact price controls on our goods and services, we
could guarantee the people a sustainable and beneficial standard of living,
while giving the people a guaranteed disposable income, which would be duly
contributed to the economy.

With price restrictions and guarantees, demand would increase as supply fills
the need, the economy would level out and strengthen. Even if the disposable
income were to be saved or invested, the coffers of the banks would be
strengthened which would add to loan and financing possibilities, causing an
increase in overall business such as automotive, construction, investment,
company formation etc. We have no choice but to enact such parameters.

Currently, the average monthly bills for an individual is just over CI$ 2,500
per month, when the average salary is in the neighbourhood of CI$2,000 a month.
There are too many private companies that constantly seek unnecessary profits
while their consumer base weakens. There are too many monopolies in the Cayman
Islands. We should not allow the costs of these goods and services to be
controlled completely by the private companies and monopolies. We have to break
the back of these oligarchies for the economy and the people to truly find
solidarity and progress.

Even if the government were to reduce certain fees for one quarter per annum
this would aid in the increased consumption by the individuals in the economy
because demand and supply would go up and find a higher equilibrium. Lest we
forget, increased freedom increases trade, consumption and participation.

The goal is not to take away the profit from the companies but simply to promote
economic fairness and reality. The companies would not exist if they did not
have any customers but, because we have allowed oligarchies to become so
entrenched in the economy, we have been put at their disposal.

Companies, their goods and services, should be regulated more efficiently and
sufficiently. Due to our lack of salary considerations, immigration slackness
and bureaucratic inefficiency the economy has become drained to the point of
frailty. If there were to be increased and supported unionisation, certain
salary guarantees and restrictions, restructuring of labour procedures combined
with price parameters, the economy would be strengthened to a point where the
entire country would benefit.

In the long run the companies would still profit because of the increase in
participation and sales. An often unrealised solution to a weakening economy is
for private companies to publicly sell shares of their company upon a country's
stock exchange. This would flush the economy with capital and strengthen
inclusion within the public. Selling shares of these companies would also give
the people more say regarding the economy, there would be more control in the
people's hands.

Such items as groceries, gas, electricity, water, etc. are controlled by not
even a handful of companies within the islands. All of these companies are
controlled by a few conglomerated friends and family who continually reap the
reward of their behaviour. This will break the back of our individual consumers
and the back of our economy.

The sooner we enact proper socially responsible legislation and procedures, the
quicker we will find socio-economic stability. These actions will take time to
sufficiently set in but if we do nothing, the closer we will be to economic
collapse. If we fall into economic collapse we will lose our entire
infrastructure because our economy has been based on these oligarchies.

If we do not change our way of managing our economy, we leave ourselves in
precarious position because, if the oligarchies fall, then so shall we. The
Cayman Islands are a nation. A nation cannot base its economy on the
profiteering of a few individuals and their cronies. The people will never be
given the best economy if this is continued.

To see more of the Cayman Net News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.caymannetnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cayman Net News, Grand
Cayman, Cayman Islands Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090605-1CY-OPINION-Our-economic-stimulus-package-requirements-0605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              255 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                August 28, 2006

Special Report: Restructure the supply side

BYLINE: Nungsari A Radhi

LENGTH: 1286 words


If government budget deficits are counter-cyclical policy tools to make up for
shortfalls in aggregate demand, then its application is both a matter of timing
as well as magnitude. What is the size of deficits, when should they be applied
and what is the duration of their application?

Not all economists subscribe to the logic of this argument, and even for those
who agree with the logic, the prescription of using additional government
expenditure to provide temporary economic activity will not work in all
supply-side situations.

As it is likely the case, the government will again table a deficit budget, the
10th successive deficit budget. There is then the issue of whether deficits, or
more accurately, accumulated deficits, matter to the long-term health of the
economy. The US, the world's largest economy, has been accumulating deficits -
in both its public and merchandise accounts - for decades but the economy has
performed much better over the period, until quite recently, than the Japanese
economy which has recorded healthy surpluses especially in trade account. The
causality between deficits and economic performance is thus not clear.

However, the benchmarking of domestic fiscal management against these two giant
economies is misleading and therefore inappropriate. The size and structure of
Malaysia's economy does not lend itself to direct comparison with those
economies. The collective economic wisdom, if not a consensus economic
reasoning, is that there is a price to be paid for accumulating debts. The price
is more exacting on sovereign-related matters; the cost of debts, for example,
always increases with its amount. Thus, prudence dictates that budget deficits
must be carefully managed.

Deficits are discussed largely in the context of increased expenditures.
However, discussion on the expenditure side of the budget, the portion that is
supposed to hold up the economy, is almost academic because this is the first
budget to operationalise the Ninth Malaysia Plan. One would think that most of
the developmental expenditures allocated in the upcoming budget are already
earmarked for projects identified in the 9MP. In fact, the size of deficits
required to implement fully the plan's five-year projects should have already
been projected. Despite the prudent step taken in the last three years to reduce
the relative size of deficits, it is unlikely that there is going to be a
balanced budget during the 9MP period although the margin of deficits will
probably shrink.

A key consideration in fiscal management for the government is the argument that
budget deficits are counter-cyclical policy tools. Observations show that
deficits have been used even during periods when the economy is registering
healthy growth rates, which suggests that government expenditures were used to
attain a targeted growth rate, an accounting target rather than an economic one.
This negates the reasoning that it is a counter-cyclical tool.

As the economy displayed clear business cycle patterns, the use of budget
deficits from one trough of a cycle to the trough of the next cycle is
consistent with the perspective of looking at deficits as a structural feature
of the economy rather than a transitory one. What is to be done in the event of
an imminent down cycle?

Past business cycle patterns suggest that the economy is on the downward side of
the present business cycle. Preliminary statistics seemed to support the case of
an erratic, if not a softening, economy. Having accumulated deficits even during
the upward side of the cycle, can we afford to incur an even larger deficit now
that we are on the downside? Which policy consideration takes precedence?
Fulfilling the expenditure obligations of the 9MP regardless of the deficits,
maintaining a targeted growth rate regardless of the deficit, or using an
expansionary budget to make up for an anticipated demand shortfall?

The threat of inflation persists as the source of this largely cost-push
inflation - the high price of energy - has persisted. The overall dampening
effect of inflationary pressures may hasten the overall cyclical effects, and
therein lies another critical consideration. What is the timing for the best
application of a significant budget deficit? Budget 2007 or 2008?

Onerous though the challenges that arise from the demand side of the budget, the
real challenge of Budget 2007 for the people at the Treasury is in the proper
diagnosis and understanding of the supply side of the economy - therefore, the
revenue side of the budget. The pulse of the economy, its general well-being, is
also better understood by understanding the supply side of the economy.

The economy is on a path that is leading towards some sort of a structural
break. The externally driven economy has reached a saturation point of sorts,
given the supply conditions in the country. The external environment itself had
gone through a major structural break that has rendered many facets of the
supply conditions in the country obsolete.

Without any significant changes on the supply side, the economy runs the risk of
withering away, unable to find its footing in a changing operating environment.
The restructuring of the economy and moving it towards another growth path,
therefore, requires restructuring supply conditions.

Apart from an understanding of the overall state of economic activities economy
-wide, managing the revenue side of the budget is crucial in managing overall
deficits.

The revenue structure of public finance says a lot about the economy: about
corporate profitability, overall income levels, volume of transactions and the
overall pace of economic activities. Where revenues are coming from and how the
different sources of revenues are changing are important diagnostics in crafting
the overall public policy framework, not just for public finance. They reflect
the state of affairs of the different economic actors in the economy.

The supply-side considerations of the budget are equally important in
influencing the economy. In fact, it can be argued that the levers of fiscal
policy that are more influential on the economy are found there. Their impact on
the private economy are more pervasive than the spillovers generated by public
expenditures. The immediate trade-offs are, however, obvious - the short-term
stimulation of the private economy tend to occur at the price of a short-term
shortfall in revenues. In the longer term, however, the resulting expansion of
the private economy will translate to a larger revenue base.

Extending this supply-side argument, the upcoming budget should introduce
micro-level incentives - those that influence decisions by economic actors -
that will collectively translate into the right kinds of macro-level outcomes.
It is not what the government wants to do that is important - what is important
is what the government wants the private sector to do.

The economic limelight has been so dominated by what the government wants to do
that it looks as if the government is the lead economic actor. This has to
change. It is not even a true reflection of the facts. The ability of the
government to participate in the economy on the demand side and its contribution
there is small, while its ability to influence what others can do - and they can
do so much more - is significantly larger. It does that through various taxation
policies and introduction of incentives.

Therefore, if a deficit budget is to be proposed, the deficits should originate
more from a shortfall of revenues that result from increased incentives given to
the private economy - tax breaks, incentives, indirect cost subsidies - than
from an increase in public expenditures.

Dr Nungsari Radhi is an economist

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            July 27, 2005 Wednesday

El Paso follows U.S., Texas;
Report links national, city economies

BYLINE: By Vic Kolenc

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 926 words


El Paso Times

El Paso's economy is tied more to the United States and Texas economies while
other border cities in Texas are tied more to the Mexican economy, a new study
from the El Paso branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas concluded.

That's because manufacturing remains an important component of El Paso's
economy, and much of that manufacturing and some other components of El Paso's
economy are closely tied to the maquiladora industry in Juarez, said Jesus
Canas, an assistant economist at the Federal Reserve Bank branch in El Paso.
He's a co-author of the recently published report, "Cyclical Differences Emerge
in Border City Economies."

"El Paso is more tied to the maquiladora industry" than are McAllen, Laredo and
Brownsville, and the "maquiladora industry is tied more to U.S. industrial
production, not Mexican industrial production," Canas said. "When U.S.
manufacturing is doing well, so are the maquilas and El Paso."

The findings are not a surprise, because manufacturing and the maquiladora
industry have played important roles in El Paso's economy for years, Canas said.

However, before the enactment of the North American Free Trade Agreement in
1994, El Paso's economy behaved very much like the economies of the other Texas
border cities and followed "the business cycle changes of Texas and Mexico"
while the "U.S. business cycle was very different," the researchers found.

Alan Hotaling, general manager of Plainfield Stamping, an East Side
metal-stamping plant, said his company's fortunes are definitely tied to the
maquiladora industry because most of its business is supplying automotive
maquilas in Mexico.

That also was true before NAFTA, he said.

"We pay attention to the U.S. economy, particularly automotive sales," Hotaling
said.

Plainfield was hurt by the decline in the maquiladora industry in recent years,
he said. Business has picked up this year after two years of declines, he said.
The El Paso plant laid off half its work force in 2003 because of a decline in
sales to the maquilas, he said. It now employs 25 people.

"Things are looking up. If orders come in as forecasted, we could do some hiring
by the end of summer," Hotaling said.

The manufacturing sector is the top earnings generator among private industries
in El Paso, while it's third in Brownsville, fourth in McAllen and 10th in
Laredo.

Manufacturing added $1.4 billion in earnings to El Paso's economy in 2003,
federal data show. That was almost 12 percent of total earnings contributed by
private industries in El Paso, the researchers reported. The researchers did not
include government earnings in their rankings. In El Paso, government and
government enterprises was the largest overall earnings contributor at $3.3
billion in 2003.

Tom Fullerton, an economist at the University of Texas at El Paso, agreed with
the study's main conclusion. But Fullerton said other factors besides El Paso's
ties to the maquiladora industry also influence the local economy.

El Paso's economy is "much larger and much more diversified" than are the
economies of the other, smaller Texas border cities, he said. The services
sector also has grown rapidly in El Paso in recent years and much of that
sector, especially the telemarketing segment, is aligned with the U.S. economy,
Fullerton said.

"The Mexican economy undoubtedly plays an important role in local business
conditions," but El Paso's growth has resulted in its economy "behaving more
like a large metropolitan economy elsewhere in the country than was the case in
years past," Fullerton said.

The Federal Reserve Bank researchers said other Texas border cities "have become
more synchronized with the economic fortunes of Mexico due to their support of
cross-border trade and the large numbers of Mexican shoppers" in those cities.

Mexican shoppers also are important to El Paso's economy, but less so than in
the other Texas border cities, Canas said.

The Texas economy has become more like the national economy in the past decade
as the importance of the oil and natural gas industry in the state has
diminished and high-tech industries have grown, the researchers found.

The researchers compared the business cycles of the Texas border cities with
cycles of the United States and Texas economies from 1981 through 2001 to reach
their conclusions. The researchers designed economic indexes to gauge the
cycles. The indexes are tied to employment, unemployment rate, real wages and
retail sales over the period studied.

Industry earnings

Earnings of the largest private industries in El Paso and percentage of
contribution to the local economy in 2003:

.Manufacturing: $1.4 billion, 11.8 percent.

.Health care and social assistance: $1.1 billion, 9.5 percent.

.Retail trade: $930.8 million, 7.9 percent.

Sources: El Paso branch of Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, U.S. Bureau of
Economic Analysis.

More industry earnings

Earnings of the largest private industries in El Paso and percentage
contribution to the local economy in 2003:

.Real estate, rental and leasing: $855.4 million, 7.3 percent.

.Transportation and warehousing: $697.9 million, 5.9 percent.

.Construction: $569 million, 4.8 percent.

.Wholesale trade: $516.2 million, 4.4 percent.

.Finance and insurance: $404.2 million, 3.4 percent.

.Accommodation and food service: $323.9 million, 2.7 percent.

.Information: $263.3 million, 2.2 percent.

Sources: El Paso branch of Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, U.S. Bureau of
Economic Analysis.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 9, 2000, Tuesday

BLACK ECONOMY CRACKDOWNS FALL INTO A GREY ZONE;
 GREATER ATTENTION TO INCENTIVES IN THE TAX AND BENEFIT SYSTEMS COULD BE
FRUITFUL

BYLINE: Diane Coyle

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 925 words


CHANCELLORS DO like to pledge crackdowns on the shadow or "black" economy.
Buried amongst the many supposedly radical measures Gordon Brown announced last
night was tougher action against benefit fraud and tax evasion.

But is getting tough the best way to shrink the shadow economy? That depends on
why it has grown in the first place.

All the signs are that around the globe shadow economies are growing faster than
official economic activity, increasing relative to total national output.

A survey article in the latest issue of the Journal of Economic Literature*
presents estimates for a wide range of countries, factoring in shadow- economy
activities. These activities extend from trade in stolen goods and prostitution,
through to benefit fraud and underpayment of income tax.

Four countries turn out to have much smaller shadow economies than the rest of
the world. They are Austria, Japan, Switzerland and the US. At the other
extreme, with the biggest shadow economies, are two of the four African
countries included in the study, Nigeria and Egypt, closely trailed by Guatemala
and Thailand. Most Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
countries have shadow economies accounting for between 13 per cent and 30 per
cent of GDP. The UK is near the bottom of this range, along with Germany, the
Netherlands and France, while Italy and Greece are near the top.

The authors also looked at the expansion of shadow economies in a handful of
countries and found substantial growth in each between 1960 and 1995. Germany's
shadow economy expanded from 2 per cent to 13.2 per cent of GDP, America's from
3.5 per cent to 9.5 per cent.

To an economist this immediately suggests that it is becoming relatively less
attractive for individuals and businesses to operate in the formal economy. One
obvious reason for this might be the trend increase in the tax burden. This has
risen substantially in all OECD countries since 1960. There is also a clear
correlation between having a low tax burden, like Japan, Switzerland or the US,
and having a small shadow economy. After all, the lower the taxes, the less
there is to escape. In addition, the biggest shadow economy growth seems to have
occurred in countries, like the Scandinavian ones, where the public sector has
expanded substantially.

Yet the research suggests that it is not actually the size of the tax burden
that matters so much as its onerousness, more broadly defined. A heavy tax
burden tends to go hand in hand with burdensome government regulation. It is
extensive regulations, actively enforced, which seem at least as likely as high
taxes, to boost shadow economies.

The authors conclude that governments wanting to shrink shadow economies should
put more emphasis on reducing the density of regulations. But they observe:
"Some governments, however, opt for more regulations and laws in trying to
reduce the shadow economy, mostly because it leads to increased power for
bureaucrats and to higher employment in the public sector. Some politicians may
not have a sincere interest in substantially reducing the shadow economy, since
many voters gain from unofficial activities."

Shadow economies won't shrink unless governments really want them to, and
shrinkage might not be an unalloyed benefit either. After all, the fact that
shadow economies have expanded as a share of GDP indicates that they have grown
faster than those parts of the economy out in the official daylight.

It only takes a brief reflection to appreciate that a lot of underground
economic activities demonstrate substantial dynamism and entrepreneurialism -
desirable features whose encouragement formed the focus of Mr Brown's speech
yesterday. Participants in the shadow economy are, on the whole, innovative,
imaginative and energetic in at least that part of their activities. Of course,
it would be nice if the rest of the economy could tap into that energy, but it
is easy to see why additional crack-downs and extra red tape are not going to
help spread a new dynamism.

Parts of the shadow economy have additional beneficial side-effects, acting as a
sort of safety valve for the economy as a whole. While the outright criminal
aspects of it are clearly undesirable, it is equally obvious that the economy of
the South-east would have started overheating much earlier without an influx of
builders, cleaners and waiters who are not necessarily working entirely legally
or paying all their income tax. Many of them will indeed turn into the feted
entrepreneurs of tomorrow.

Of course, benefit fraud is far more harmful, siphoning money from the hard
-pressed social security budget. Still, it is hard to avoid the conclusion that
a bit less of an emphasis on cracking down and a bit more attention paid to
incentives in the tax and benefit systems could be more fruitful.

Some of the Chancellor's reforms, like the tax cuts focussed on low- earners and
the new tax credits for those on low incomes, have been helpful in this respect.
They have improved the financial calculus in favour of legitimate jobs that fall
into the tax net. But it is hard to disagree with the two authors when they
note: "The signalling of 'fighting for law and order' might... be more useful
for getting politicians re-elected than would deep reforms of the tax and social
security systems."

* Shadow Economies: Size, Causes and Consequences, Friedrich Schneider and
Dominik Enste, Journal of Economic Literature, March 2000.

d.coyle@independent.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Independent Print Ltd


                              258 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday

Small business owners more downbeat about economy

BYLINE: Ed Taylor, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


Nov. 8--Arizona small business owners are becoming more pessimistic about the
economy, according to a poll released Friday by a Tempe-based public opinion
research firm.

The Arizona Economic Indicators Monitor compiled quarterly by O'Neil Associates
found that 91 percent of the business owners polled rated the U.S. economy as
either fair or poor, and 85 percent rated the Arizona economy as fair or poor.
Only 9 percent rated the national economy as good or excellent, and 15 percent
so rated the Arizona economy.

The third-quarter findings indicated a slight decline in sentiment from the
previous quarter when 89 percent thought the U.S. economy was fair or poor and
11 percent found it good or excellent.

In the first quarter, 19 percent rated the U.S. economy good or excellent while
39 percent rated the Arizona economy good or excellent. Over the course of this
year, sentiment about the U.S. and Arizona economies has deteriorated.

"The Arizona economy continues to be rated slightly more positively than the
U.S. economy, but the difference between the two is becoming insignificant,"
said Dr. Michael O'Neil, the poll's director.

About two-thirds of respondents think economic conditions in the U.S. are
getting worse, a number that has climbed each quarter this year.

Fifty-four percent think Arizona economic conditions are getting worse, a
percentage that actually declined from 57 percent in the previous quarter.

However, O'Neil said the latest survey may understate the negative sentiment
toward the economy because the polling was conducted throughout September, and
much of the negative news about the financial crisis didn't erupt until the
middle of the month.

But small business owners see hope for future improvement. Twenty-four percent
think the economy will be better in three months, up from 17 percent the
previous quarter. When the horizon is expanded to one year, 55 percent think the
economy will improve over that time.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081108-MZ-Small-business-owners-more-downbeat-about-economy-1108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2008 East Valley Tribune


                              259 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                The FIRE Economy

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.fireeconomy.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The FIRE Economy is one of two economies that operate in the United States,
the UK, and other countries that developed economic policies that give FIRE
industries tax, regulatory, and monetary policy advantages over productive
industries. The other economy is the Productive Economy that is comprised of
businesses that produce value-added goods and services. The Productive Economy
grows based on profits from sales of goods and services produced by adding
intellectual property and other human value inputs. The FIRE Economy operates by
extracting economic rents, such as interest on debt, from the rest of the
economy.  Wealth is generated in the Productive Economy by the accumulation of
equity value and in the FIRE Economy from economic rents and capital gains
generated asset price inflation without an increase in value. Examples of asset
price inflation periods in the US are technology stocks from 1998 to 2000 and
residential and commercial real estate from 2002 to 2006. Over a period of
decades the FIRE Economy has become a dominant source of income in the United
States. The total sum of payments within the FIRE Economy are now many times
larger than in the Productive Economy.  How does the FIRE Economy impact all of
us?  If you are in an industry that produces a good or service that is not
dependent on rising asset prices, you are part of the Productive Economy. If you
work for a bank, real estate broker, or financial services firm your income
depends on interest on debt and r

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              260 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             April 26, 2016 Tuesday

Robust global expansion still elusive

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 629 words


It is now seven years since the world economy emerged from the deepest recession
of the post-war era.

Yet, a broad-based and robust global expansion remains elusive.

World growth is put at around 3% in 2015, the weakest rate since the end of the
economic crisis of 2008-2009.

Both the IMF and OECD are forecasting a similarly subdued performance in 2016
and only slightly stronger growth in 2017.

The IMF warns that persistent low growth can have damaging side-effects,
particularly on investment, which reduces potential output.

Lower growth also reduces the capacity of the world economy to absorb shocks
that could send it into recession.

Hence, both the IMF and OECD have called for a stronger collective policy
response to strengthen economic growth.

They both advocate a three-pronged approach of  mutually reinforcing policy
levers , comprising structural reforms, supportive fiscal measures and
continuing loose monetary conditions.

Activity in advanced economies has gained momentum in the past couple of years,
with GDP growth picking up to close on 2% in 2014-15 from 1.2% in 2012-13.

This is largely attributable to a strengthening of activity in the eurozone.

Growth in the US and UK has been solid enough in recent years.

However, Japanese growth remains erratic and sluggish, despite an ultra-loose
monetary policy and a big decline in the yen.

Growth in emerging economies, though, has lost considerable momentum in recent
years. It is put at 4% in 2015, down from 4.7% in 2014 and 5% in 2013.

Indeed, activity in emerging economies has been weakening since 2010, when it
stood at 7.5%. Most notably, GDP growth in China slowed from 10.4% in 2010 to
6.9% last year.

Meanwhile, some large emerging economies like Brazil and Russia have gone into
deep recessions.

The collapse in commodity prices over the past couple of years has hit many
developing economies quite hard. There are concerns that the weakening of
activity in emerging economies could yet derail the recovery in advanced
economies.

It is worth noting, though, that the recovery in advanced economies has largely
remained on track to date, despite the slowdown in developing economies.

The IMF and OECD expect that advanced economies will continue to register
moderate growth of close to 2% in 2016 and 2017. There are a number of factors
supporting growth.

The sharp decline in oil and other commodity prices has seen inflation fall to
very low levels, thus boosting real incomes and spending power.

Meanwhile, monetary policy remains very loose, with low interest rates
everywhere.

Indeed, policy continues to be loosened in some major economies. Fiscal policy
is also turning less restrictive in most advanced economies.

Labour markets also continue to strengthen. However, downside risks remain for
the world economy.

A protracted period of very low commodity prices, further exchange rate
depreciations and financial turmoil in emerging market economies, or a deepening
of the slowdown in China, would all pose risks to global growth prospects,
especially for developing economies.

Somewhat worryingly, the Global Composite PMI, a key leading indicator for the
world economy, has dropped to around 51 in the past couple of months, its lowest
level in over three years.

A close eye needs to be kept on leading indicators in the months ahead, as if
they continue to weaken, it would be a sign that growth in the world economy is
slowing further.

There have been some positive developments, though, recently. Financial markets
have become more stable, with stock markets recovering the ground lost earlier
in the year.

There has also been a recovery in commodity prices.

The developments support the view of the IMF and OECD that the global economy
will continue to expand, albeit at a very moderate pace.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 April 09, 2015

Micro-Financing Will Help Grow Economy [editorial]

LENGTH: 793 words


IT has become a reality that Zimbabwe has an emerging economy dominated by the
small to medium enterprises and the informal businesses. While this has been
described by some critics as a sign of a collapsing economy, what the critics
fail to explain is that what has died is the inherited Rhodesian economy and
what has risen in its place is a truly Zimbabwean economy being driven by a
resource-owning, wealth creating middle-class.

The nascent industries are promoting inclusive growth as the previously
marginalised people can now participate and benefit from diverse economic
activities. We have heard stories about countries, particularly in Africa
celebrating double digit economic growth on the back of foreign-owned
multi-national corporations that repatriate the profits to their home countries
without improving the livelihoods of the people in the host countries.

Indeed, economies are growing, but the inequality gap continues widening. In
Zimbabwe, the new economy dominated by small to medium enterprises and informal
business, has created a new revolutionary economic and social paradigm.

We urge the Government to come up with an inclusive policy mechanism that
integrates economic activities in both formal and informal sectors. At this
juncture, we applaud plans by the country's biggest insurance firm Old Mutual to
acquire a micro-finance business to support the informal sector and small scale
enterprises.

The company says it recognises the shift that has happened in Zimbabwe's economy
where the informal sector now accounts for a significant part of the economy.
Old Mutual believes it can play a role in supporting the informal sector and as
part of its strategy and plans to acquire a micro- finance institution to
support the informal sector.

The group believes that partnering a micro-finance company would provide a good
platform for funding the informal sector.

Old Mutual's plans dovetail with developments in Zimbabwe's economic landscape
that has witnessed the emergence of a new economy.

There is also need for some reform in the financial sector to come up with a new
model of banking which complies with the requirements of economy.

The culture of being an employee for big business has been replaced by an
empowerment mentality in which most Zimbabweans have literally become their own
bosses. The assertion that Zimbabwe's economy is dead rings true only to the
extent this relates to the old economy, characterised by large foreign
corporates, which have since been replaced by a new breed of small and nimble
mostly indigenous owned enterprises.

Whereas the informal sector, dominated by large corporations played the key role
in the economy, income generating projects by SMEs and the informal sector has
become an integral part of the economy, especially when it comes to employment.

In this regard, the demise of the old economy controlled by multi-national
corporations was a boon for micro-small and medium enterprises and the informal
sector, which now employ the bulk of economically active Zimbabweans.

As such, an inclusive policy should be formulated to extract the economic
potential of these sectors.

Statistics show that the informal sector is thriving and continues to grow
withstanding the liquidity challenges which have undermined big traditional
businesses. Therefore the realisation by large corporates of the importance of
the informal sector on the economy is plausible.

Apart from access to financing, the informal sector requires assistance to
organise them into formal taxpaying businesses. They require training and
coaching in income management, accounting, tax management and labour related
issues.

Capacity building for the informal sector is critical. The Zimbabwe Revenue
Authority commissioner general Mr Gershem Pasi once said that the size of the
business should not be synonymous with informality. All businesses whatever the
size can be capacitated to an extent where they can play a key role in the
economy.

Therefore the entrance of experienced corporates such as Old Mutual into the
sector will no doubt improve the way they do business.

Last year's FinScope Consumer Survey showed that 53 percent of adults in
Zimbabwe do not save (decreased significantly, 37 percent in 2011) while 12
percent keep all their savings at home, that is, they do not have/use formal or
informal savings products or mechanisms.

The unbanked population will sign up to micro-finance products, having
confidence in the solid business such as Old Mutual guaranteeing investments.

We therefore call on the business community to join Old Mutual and come up with
strategies and products to capacitate the informal sector. These products should
also be extended to the rural areas where over 70 percent of the population
lives.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Sharing economy drives into trouble with ride-sharing arrests

BYLINE: Stuart Dredgetheguardian.com

LENGTH: 839 words

ABSTRACT

San Francisco airport citing Uber and Lyft drivers for unlawful trespassing as
'grassroots' organisation Peers launches to lobby for startups. By Stuart Dredge


FULL TEXT

This year's LeWeb '13 London conference was themed around the "sharing economy",
celebrating startups including Airbnb, ZipCar, Uber and BlaBlaCar for business
models based around connecting people and cutting out middlemen, from hotel
chains to licensed-taxi systems.

Throughout, though, the spectre of opposition from those middlemen - not to
mention governments and city authorities - loomed large. As it does in San
Francisco, where drivers from sharing-economy startups Uber and Lyft are
reportedly being arrested if they try to pick up or drop off passengers at the
SFO airport.

Wired reports that 11 Uber drivers and one Lyft driver have so far had their
knuckles rapped for misdemeanor unlawful trespassing offences, and quotes SFO
spokesperson Doug Yakel as saying "We're certainly open to new business
concepts, but not at the expense of safety."

For its part, Uber's chief executive Travis Kalanick tells Wired that the
airport's claims are "untrue", amid a backdrop of proposed changes to
Californian transport regulations to treat these companies as legal taxi
services.

Regulations are a touchy subject for the sharing economy, as shown by the launch
last week of a body called Peers which describes itself as "a grassroots
organization that supports the sharing economy movement", although the fact that
founding partners include Airbnb, BlaBlaCar, Lyft and Sidecar are sparking
questions about just how grassroots it really is.

"We believe that by sharing what we already have - like cars, homes, skills and
time - everyone benefits in the process," explains its website.

"The sharing economy is helping us pay the bills, work flexible hours, meet new
people or spend more time with our families. We think it's how the 21st century
economy should work, so we're coming together to grow, mainstream and protect
the sharing economy."

Initial reports that the 22 founding partners were funding Peers have since been
corrected: Salon journalist Andrew Leonard now reports that most of Peers'
funding comes from "mission-aligned independent donors", although investors and
executives from sharing-economy companies are included in that.

Peers is presumably the organisation alluded to by Airbnb's head of community
Douglas Atkin in a presentation at LeWeb '13 London, which I took notes on at
the time but hadn't written up until now.

His tone was instructive on how many people involved with the sharing economy
feel about regulatory obstacles to their businesses. Or "unfair and
unreasonable" obstacles as Atkin put it in his speech, which is archived on
YouTube.

"It's unlikely, I believe - and I believe this because I used to work for them -
that the entrenched interests of the old economy are going to stand idly by as
their business model of the past 70 years is challenged by the new economy,"
said Atkin.

"What's more, outdated laws, and new laws which have been badly conceived with
unintended consequences, really threaten the growth of this nascent new-world
economy. How much better it would be if citizens banded together to grow and
protect their interests in the sharing economy, rather than companies wielding
their power."

Atkin talked about plans for "people to create a member-driven movement for the
sharing economy: if you like, a new kind of union for a new kind of economy" -
this, presumably, is Peers.

"It's independent, it's member-driven, it's global. It's not a trade
association. It's not a lobbying group. It will use peer power and collective
action to grow the sharing economy and overcome unfair obstacles," said Atkin.

"I personally want to see the sharing economy become the dominant global
economic model in the world... It has the possibility of transforming the world
for the better."

There is self-interest on both sides of this debate: Existing laws do often shut
out new, disruptive sharing-economy companies, yet sweeping away those
regulations would clearly benefit those sharing-economy companies and their
investors too, removing the barriers to further, rapid growth towards their
goals of lucrative exits via acquisition or IPO.

The startups argue that they are increasing consumer choice, whether it's
catching a cab late at night or finding somewhere to stay in an overbooked city,
while the regulators point out that putting people in the cars or homes of
strangers brings with it important responsibilities too.

Hence the SFO spokesperson's point about regulations as a way to protect people,
rather than merely "entrenched interests". Past controversies, from trashed
apartments to rape accusations, have provoked scrutiny in the way shared-economy
companies go about their businesses.

Airport arrests aside, the mooted licensing changes in California show that
compromise is possible, and indeed necessary, to figure out how the new and old
economies intersect in a positive way, rather than a negative battle.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              263 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             June 23, 2012 Saturday

Column : A new focus for policy

BYLINE: Ila Patnaik

LENGTH: 1027  words


In recent days, we have often heard politicians taking pride in the fact that
India is still among the fastest-growing economies in the world. Even if India
grows at 5% next year, it will still be one of the fastest-growing economies in
the world, and yet it may be said that it is in the depth of a recession. So
which of the two statements is true? Is India a fast-growing healthy economy, or
is India facing a business cycle downturn?

The answer to what is apparently an inconsistency lies in the faster potential
growth rate of emerging economies like India. Business cycles are studied in
relation to the potential growth rate of an economy. One simple way to
understand this is that the growth of the labour force in a country largely
determines the potential growth rate. If GDP grows at 5%, if employment growth
is slower than the growth rate of the labour force, the economy is operating
below its potential growth rate and has an output gap.

Business cycles in emerging economies are different from those in developed
countries. The key difference is that output, consumption and investment are
more volatile in emerging economies. In advanced economies the framework of
fiscal and monetary policy seek to stabilise the cycle, financial sector
development, trade and capital account openness and access to finance are mainly
responsible for the smoother cycles and lower volatility in emerging economies.

In a paper on business cycles in India titled "Has India emerged: Business cycle
stylised facts from a transitioning economy", my co-authors Chetan Ghate,
Radhika Pandey and I study how business cycles in India have changed since the
liberalisation of 1991. We find that in the pre-reform period the volatility of
output, consumption and investment in India was far higher than in advanced
economies and the economy looked like other emerging and developing economies
which witness high volatility. In the period after the reform, we find that the
economy witnessed a decline in volatility and the stylised facts of the
post-liberalisation business cycles in India start looking, in many ways, like
those of advanced economies.

A number of reasons could have caused the change. Our key result is that the
reduction in volatility has come about not due to "good luck", but due to a
structural change of the economy. "Good luck" would have meant that the economy
faced smaller exogenous shocks in this period. We show that when we look at
either the variability of oil prices, or the shocks to total factor productivity
(TFP), the variability was not lower in the post-reform period than in the
pre-reform period. This supports the hypothesis that it was the change in the
structure of the economy, rather than lower exogenous shocks, that resulted in
the decline in volatility.

The opening up of the economy on both the current and capital account can allow
an economy to smooth out its consumption, investment and output. For instance,
when there is a shortfall in the production of a raw material, its imports can
make it possible for the economy to continue to produce the good that requires
it. Similarly, if savings are low and interest rates are high, then if the
capital account is open, the country will attract capital and the availability
of capital will increase, allowing the investment to GDP ratio to be higher than
the saving to GDP ratio.

The question of whether the opening up of an economy makes it more or less
vulnerable to greater shocks has been much debated. Our evidence shows that in
the period when the Indian economy opened up, then even though the volatility of
oil prices and TFP shocks to the economy were higher than before, the economy
witnesses lower volatility in its business cycles. In the international
literature, cross-country evidence suggests that countries benefit, in terms of
lower volatility of macroeconomic variables, from opening up their capital
accounts (there is broad consensus that opening up the trade account is good for
all), only after reaching a certain threshold level of development of domestic
financial markets.

Another major finding of the paper relates to the change in the nature of
business cycles in India. The share of agriculture in India's GDP has fallen
from 53% in 1951 to 15%. So the variability in agriculture does not affect GDP
as much as it did in earlier years. Further, agriculture is not as dependent on
monsoons as it was earlier. Thus, even the volatility of agricultural output is
lower than what it was. While earlier economic cycles in India were mainly
caused by shocks to agriculture, today they are caused by investment inventory
cycles.

The share of investment in GDP has increased from 13% in 1950-51 to 35% in
2009-10. The increase has been particularly prominent since 2004-05. In the
investment boom of the mid-1990s, private corporate gross capital formation rose
from 5% of GDP in 1990-91 to 11% of GDP in 1995-96. It then fell dramatically in
the business cycle downturn to 5.39% in 2001-02, and then recovered to 17.6% in
2007-08. The recent recession has led to its fall to 13.5% in 2009-10. It has
declined further since then.

This study has important implications for policymaking in India. It lays the
ground for a case for counter-cyclical fiscal and monetary policy. Macroeconomic
stabilisation has not been the basis of the framework for policymaking in India.
This needs to change as it will allow us to stabilise consumption and output
further. In the present environment, macroeconomic policies will be particularly
difficult as India is facing a stagflationary environment, with an output gap
and inflation higher than the inflation rate that the economy is comfortable
with. Knee-jerk policy responses to monthly announcements of the IIP or WPI do
not offer a meaningful framework for macroeconomic policy making in India today.
Institutional changes such as those which aim to give the monetary authority
independence and accountability and a framework for fiscal stabilisation are as
important, if not more, than reform measures like FDI limits and insurance caps.

The author is a professor at the National Institute of Public Finance and
Policy, Delhi

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     The Russian Business Monitor (Russia)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

RUSSIA'S SHADOW ECONOMY AT AROUND 20% OF OFFICIAL GDP

SECTION: EX-OFFICIO; No. 3

LENGTH: 674 words


Alexander Surinov, head of the Federal State Statistics Service (RosStat), told
the Rossiiskaya Gazeta newspaper that Russia's shadow economy amounts to around
20% of official GDP. When approached, Surinov told us: "The shadow economy level
in Russia has always been fairly high - around 20%, plus or minus 2-5%. This
proportion was falling in the years of (rapid) GDP growth, but now it's started
rising again. (RosStat's "shadow economy" calculations cover activities that are
hidden and unofficial, but lawful.)

The Economic Development Ministry predicts that year-end figures for 2009 will
show Russia's GDP at 39.2 trillion rubles. This would put the shadow economy at
7.8 trillion rubles, or around $247 billion - comparable to the GDP of Portugal
($243 billion), or Hungary and Slovakia combined ($155 billion and $95 billion
respectively in 2008, according to the World Bank).

Russia hasn't been the only country to encounter shadow economy growth during
the crisis. Professor Friedrich Schneider (Johannes Kepler University, Austria)
estimates that the shadow economy in the USA has reached $1 trillion a year -
growing from 7% to 8% of GDP; in Germany, it's up to 350 billion euros - the
highest level in five years. In the 21 OECD nations, the shadow economy had
shrunk by almost a quarter over the previous eight years - but in 2009 it grew
by 0.5% of their aggregate GDP, to 13.8%. According to OECD materials, an
increasing number of people are attempting to compensate for the loss of
official incomes by making money unofficially.

Deutsche Bank analysts say that the unofficial economy serves as an amortization
outlet for the official economy during a crisis, alleviating crisis consequences
- but only if the unofficial GDP proportion is sufficiently high. Schneider
explains that during a crisis, people direct their unofficial income into
consumption rather than savings; thus, the shadow sector works to raise consumer
demand, boosting the legal economy. Deutsche Welle quotes Schneider as saying
that three-quarters of the money earned unofficially in Germany is spent
immediately. Schneider adds that a developed shadow sector can indeed alleviate
the impact of a recession - apart from the fact that the government misses out
on tax revenues.

In Romania, unemployment falls by 0.13% for each percentage point of shadow
economy growth, according to Mihai Mutascu (Western University, Timisoara). But
IMF analyst Norman Loayza says that the shadow economy proportion is also
directly correlated with a country's corruption level, and negatively correlated
with the economic growth rate: each percentage point of shadow economy growth
reduced per capita GDP growth by 1.22%.

Vladimir Gimpelson, head of the Labor Studies Center at the Higher School of
Economics, says that the shadow economy easily adapts to crisis-related changes;
and the objective of reducing the shadow economy proportion requires creating
conditions that facilitate the growth of official economic activity. Gimpelson
notes that the number of people involved in Russia's unofficial economy never
stopped growing, not even in the boom years: in the previous eight years, the
proportion of people working unofficially grew from 14% to 20% of Russia's total
workforce - that is, to 14 million. The proportion of off-the-record incomes in
Russia's GDP remained around 11% in 2001-08, while GDP increased by 70%.

Schneider estimates that at the start of 2008, before the crisis, the shadow
economy level was 40% of GDP in 25 emerging markets in East-Central Europe and
the former USSR, and 49.4% in Russia.

RosStat Director Alexander Surinov says he doesn't believe that nearly half of
the Russian economy was unofficial: "I've never seen such an estimate before.
What kind of methodology is that?"

In his research report, titled "The Shadow Economy and Corruption Around the
World," Schneider doesn't include illegal activities in the definition of shadow
economy - and neither do RosStat's statistics.

Source: Vedomosti, January 18, 2010

Translated by InterContact

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 15, 2001 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Exports the key to halting downturn

BYLINE: Stephen Koukoulas and Stephen Wyatt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 506 words


Australia needs healthy exports to lift the economy, Stephen Koukoulas and
Stephen Wyatt report.

Treasurer Peter Costello and the Reserve Bank are relying heavily on exports as
the buffer to compensate for the downturn in the domestic economy.

But this is the best-case scenario. The global economic slowdown is threatening
to undermine the competitive edge exporters have from the very low level of the
Australian dollar.

If the world economy slows too far, demand for Australia's exports might fall
away and the weakness of the domestic economy will be compounded by a
disappointing export performance.

Exports are a critical element of the Australian economy. One-fifth of every
good and service produced in Australia is exported, compared with one-tenth two
decades ago.

Exports are three times the size of housing construction and alterations and
additions. Exports make a bigger contribution to GDP than does general
government expenditure. This is why the world economy matters to Australia and
its exports and why financial markets are increasingly nervous about the global
outlook.

Exports, in turn, are heavily reliant on the performance of the world economy.
Not only is the volume of exports sensitive to world activity, but prices are
strongly correlated to the momentum of world demand.

At the broadest level, the world economy is fraying at the edges. The US is
weakening, with growth stalling. Japan, which takes 20 per cent of Australia's
exports, remains in the mire. Growth in the rest of Asia is forecast to halve in
2001.

No major economy and most less significant countries are forecast to have slower
growth in 2001 than in 2000 most by a large amount.

Commodity prices, still an important factor for Australian exporters, are not
high and remain vulnerable to a global downturn.

In recent days, the Reserve Bank has also been upbeat on exports. In its
Monetary Policy Statement released on Monday, the RBA suggested the Australian
economy is well placed to grow, with the low Australian dollar "strongly
supportive of activity".

Yet the slowing world economy threatens to derail Australia's export performance
and with it, the key driver of growth into 2001. Perhaps the cure for the export
deceleration could be a further $A depreciation, simply to reinforce the
competitiveness of the export sector.

One of the few currency forecasters to foresee last year's weakness in the $A,
Clifford Bennett, senior currency strategist with BNP Paribas, sees the $A
falling to US48Â¢ over the longer term, with a risk of a move to US45Â¢.
Bennett's view is based on the observation that a lower $A is necessary for
Australia to compete.

The $A yesterday fell below US53Â¢, down 4Â¢ from the January high, as investors
focused on the increasingly pessimistic outlook for the world economy and with
it, commodity prices.

The hope is that exports can support activity. If not, the economy will slow
more than most expect, and the $A may depreciate further, limiting the scope of
the RBA to cut interest rates to support the domestic economy.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

S'pore, HK share most open economy crown;
Open Market Index shows global economies slightly more open than in 2011

BYLINE: malminderjit singh; msingh@sph.com.sg

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 587 words


Singapore

SINGAPORE has the most open economy in the world, sharing this attribute with
Hong Kong, says a report commissioned by the International Chamber of Commerce
(ICC).

The Open Market Index (OMI) 2013 analysed 75 economies, and awarded an aggregate
score of 5.5 points each to Singapore and Hong Kong.

The report also noted that the global economy has improved marginally in
openness, signalling a move away from protectionism. The OMI for the world as a
whole went from 3.5 in 2011, when the index was first compiled, to 3.6 this
year.

Aside from Singapore and Hong Kong taking the top two spots, the UAE - in
seventh position - was the only other economy from the eastern hemisphere. The
others in the top 10 were Luxembourg, Belgium, Malta, the Netherlands, Ireland,
Estonia and Iceland.

The US, often cited as one of the world's most open economies, came in at No 38,
with an aggregate of 3.7 points, which tied it with economies such as Japan,
Saudi Arabia and Italy.

The least open economies, with aggregates of under two, were Uganda, Bangladesh,
Sudan and Ethiopia.

The economies were each assessed and scored in four areas:


o Observed openness to trade;
o Trade policy;
o Foreign direct investment (FDI) openness; and
o Infrastructure for trade.  Singapore and Hong Kong were the only two economies
that made it into "Category 1", meant for economies with aggregate scores of
between five and six and deemed to be excellent models of openness. The report
said that these two economies consistently ranked in the top three of the 75
economies, scoring above five points in each of the four areas.

In computing each economy's overall aggregate, observed openness to trade and
trade policy each contributed 35 per cent weightage to the overall score; FDI
openness and trade infrastructure each accounted for 15 per cent of the
aggregate.

In observed openness to trade - indicated by the trade-to-GDP ratio - Singapore
did particularly well, as did Hong Kong and the UAE. These economies have large
trade-to-GDP ratios because of their reliance on transit trade.

Singapore and Hong Kong scored 5.2 points here, losing out to the UAE's 5.3
points.

In the trade policy component, the indicators used to evaluate the
"import-friendliness" of the trade policy regime were average applied tariff
levels, the structure and complexity of tariffs, non-tariff barriers and
efficiency of import procedures.

Singapore topped this category with 5.8 points; Hong Kong scored 5.7.

In FDI openness, Singapore and Hong Kong again shared the top spot with 5.7
points each.

In the fourth and last component, the level of trade-enabling infrastructure,
Singapore's score of 5.5 points was beaten by Hong Kong's 5.8.

The report noted that bigger economies are the ones still resistant to opening
up.

The US and Japan are cases in point, with each scoring a weak 2.2 points for
trade openness.

The G-20 economies were also behind the global standard. The average score in
the G-20 was 3.4, a slight improvement over the 3.2 points recorded in OMI 2011,
but nonetheless still lower than the 3.6 average of the 75-economy sample.

Only one G-20 country, Canada, made it into the top 20 at 19th position. Canada,
Germany, Britain and Australia were the only four G-20 economies with
above-average openness (or Category 2) scores.

The ICC said on its website that it had commissioned the OMI to build further
understanding of the extent to which governments were following through on their
commitments to create genuinely open economies.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                              May 8, 2005, Sunday

The new middle class of air travel

BYLINE: David Wickers and Rob Ryan

SECTION: Features; Travel; 8

LENGTH: 1379 words


Premium economy cabins are all the rage, but do the perks match the prices, ask
David Wickers and Rob Ryan

When British Airways rolled out its World Traveller Plus "premium economy" class
in 2000, both industry pundits and passengers scratched their heads. What
exactly did "premium economy" mean?

It was an idea born out of a post- recession scaling-down of business travel
costs, but it's the leisure market that has taken to it most.

The tour operator Caribtours says that more than 80% of its clients now opt for
a non-economy cabin. The growing popularity of premium economy (PE) has been
helped by scares about deep-vein thrombosis. BA says that World Traveller Plus
is the second most profitable of its four cabins, after Club World, and several
other airlines now offer a full-frills "middle class", the latest being Air New
Zealand, which introduces its version, Pacific Premium Economy, this summer.

Depending on the route, it can cost up to three times as much to fly in premium
economy as in standard economy -topped by an even higher tax -but it is often
much cheaper, and full business class can cost up to 10 times as much on some
routes.

So, is the PE option worth it? We looked at the big players to find out exactly
what frills you get for your money.

BRITISH AIRWAYS

World Traveller Plus is avail-able on all BA's 747 and 777 aircraft, with the
767s, which serve such destinations as Detroit, Entebbe and Nassau, still in the
process of "embodiment". Beware code-shares with airlines such as Qantas, where
premium economy seats are not available.

Room to relax? Seat pitch (the distance from the back of one seat to the back of
the one in front of it) is 38in, up from 31in in economy (which BA calls World
Traveller, without the Plus). Seats come with footrests and are usually wider
(depending on the aircraft), and arranged in rows of eight rather than 10. This
all adds up to 20% more personal space, according to BA.

Show me the perks: you're in a separate cabin, with about 40 seats, but there's
no separate check-in; BA says we'll all be checking in online soon anyway. WT
Plus passengers are served their meals before economy class, but it's the same
food. However, the hand-baggage allowance is doubled, to two pieces weighing a
total of 12kg (checked baggage remains the same as WT, as do the amenity kits
and the in-flight entertainment).

What's the premium? The current cheapest fares from Heathrow to New York are
£252 in economy, £750 in World Traveller Plus and £1,597 in Club World.

0870 850 9850, www.ba.com

VIRGIN

Virgin has just three classes: Upper (which in effect combines business and
first), Premium Economy and Economy. Premium Economy is available on every
flight.

Room to relax? Again, seat pitch leaps to 38in, and the seats are chunkier than
those on BA's planes -more like old business-class seats. On 747s out of
Gatwick, the upper deck is given over totally to Premium Economy, which makes
for a pleasant travelling environment.

Show me the perks: apart from seat space, the big one is a dedicated check-in,
so PE passengers can avoid the worst of the queues. You also get a "welcome on
board" glass of champagne and, from June, an after-dinner liqueur service -but
no upgrade in baggage allowance, amenity kits or entertainment.

What's the premium? On a £587 return from Gatwick to Orlando in June, upgrading
to PE adds £420. Upper Class costs more than £2,000.

0870 574 7747, www.virgin.com/atlantic BMI

The airline originally called its fuller-frills class "New Economy", but that
must have sounded a little too Blairite, because it is now Premium Economy. It
is featured on A330 aircraft flying from Manchester to the Caribbean and Las
Vegas, as well as the new Mumbai route from Heathrow, but is not available on
BMI's Washington services.

Room to relax? Again, the seat pitch is 38in. The configuration is the same as
in economy (2-4-2), but with much better seats, including a telephone, a data
port and a lap-top terminal.

Show me the perks: you get dedicated check-in, a fast track through security and
a separate cabin. The hand-baggage allowance increases from one piece (6kg max)
to two (16kg combined), but checked-in luggage, the amenity kits and the
in-flight entertainment remain the same as in economy.

What's the premium? On a flight from Manchester to St Lucia in June, economy is
£470, Premium Economy £685 and business £3,969.

0870 607 0222, www.flybmi.com

AIR NEW ZEALAND

Pacific Premium Economy launches on long-haul routes in July, although to be
100% sure that all flights from Heathrow to Auckland have the new cabin, you
will have to wait until November 6.

Room to relax? Hurrah: Air NZ claws out an extra inch or two (PE will be 39in or
40in, depending on aircraft type). But the airline has always been generous,
giving economy passengers 34in.

Show me the perks: dedicated check-in, access to in-seat power and films on
demand. Meals will be the same as in econ-omy, but there will be a premium wine
selection. On 747s, the Pacific Premium Economy cabin is up the stairs, taking
over the top deck.

What's the premium? Roughly double on a flight from the UK to New Zealand from
£1,323, compared with £614 in economy and £2,165 in business.

0800 028 4149, www.airnewzealand.co.uk

AIR FRANCE

The Alize class is available from Paris to the Caribbean, a good option if
you're heading to the French islands.

Room to relax? Okay, it's one down on the norm, but 37in is not to be sniffed
at.

Show me the perks: dedicated check-in, a separate cabin, a baggage allowance in
the hold of 30kg (the economy allowance is 20kg) and a meal service identical in
quality to that served to business-class pass-engers. The amenity kit and the
in-flight entertainment are the same as in economy.

What's the premium? As is often the case with premium economy, the best deals
are those available through tour operators as part of a package, at a Pounds 300
supplement for a Caribbean trip. If the flight is booked directly through the
airline, the supplement is closer to £549.

0870 142 4343, www.airfrance.co.uk

EVA AIR

BA is widely thought of as the PE pioneer, but Eva Air began its Evergreen
Deluxe service from London to Bangkok (and on to Taipei) in 1992.

Room to relax? Certainly. The seat pitch is 38in, and seats are usually located
right at the front of the 747 (with both business and first classes on the top
deck).

Show me the perks: there's an upgraded meal service, 25kg rather than 20kg for
hold baggage (no change for hand luggage), dedicated check-in, an amenity kit
(none in economy) and a seat-back screen (ceiling screens in economy).

What's the premium? Fares are very attractive, especially through consolidators.

An Evergreen Deluxe round trip to Bangkok starts at £595 if you book by May 15
for travel until the end of June, compared with £369 in economy and £1,239 up
top.

Travelmood (0870 500 1002, www. travelmood.com) has the above fare; or contact
Eva Air direct (020 7380 8300, www.evaair.com)

THE OTHERS

SAS (0870 607 2772, www.

scandinavian.net) offers Economy Flex, with a 37in seat pitch, on most long haul
routes from Copenhagen.

United (0845 844 4777, www.

unitedairlines.com) automatically offers the 36in seats in its Economy Plus
cabin to those with full-fare economy tickets (or frequent fliers).

Air Canada (0871 220 1111, www.aircanada.com) features Club class on flights
from Glasgow and Manchester to Toronto, and on selected services from Heathrow,
with seat pitch of 39in-44in, a footrest, a leg-rest extension, a bigger pillow,
dedicated check-in and use of the lounge in Canada.

ANA (0870 837 8866, www.

ana-europe.com) has Premium Economy, with a 38in seat pitch and lounge access in
London and Tokyo.

Even charters are getting in on the act: Excel Airways (0870 169 0169,
www.xl.com) offers three cabin classes on flights to the Caribbean, Goa and
Mombasa, with 34in in Premium and 45in in first class (known as Excel One).
Return fares to Grenada in May start at £350 in economy, £475 in premium and
£810 in Excel One, through Just Grenada (01373 814214, www.justgrenada.co.uk).


LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              268 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             July 26, 2003 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Tax evaders cash in with $100bn bonanza

BYLINE: Annette Sampson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 676 words


The black economy is not only alive and well - it's booming, writes Annette
Sampson.

Australians are failing to declare more than $100 billion a year in income to
the Tax Office.

Despite claims that the GST would help scupper the cash economy, it is alive and
well, and estimated to be worth 15 per cent of gross domestic product.

These are the findings of a large academic study on Australia's cash economy to
be released by the Taxpayers' Research Foundation. The study is the first to
examine in detail the effects of the GST on the cash economy now that the GST
has had time to settle in.

The report's author, Christopher Bajada, is a senior lecturer in economics at
the University of Technology Sydney and author of two books on Australia's cash
economy.

He said there was a temporary reduction in the cash economy when the GST was
introduced in 2000, but the benefits were short-lived. The cash economy is now
worth about $14,000 for each Australian household, and is costing the country
billions in unpaid taxes.

Bajada said while the introduction of Australian Business Numbers had led to
some success in reducing cash transactions between businesses, the new tax
system had done nothing to stop underground transactions in the household
sector.

He said households were responsible for about 55 per cent of cash economy
transactions, with businesses responsible for 45 per cent. Small businesses
appeared to be more active in the cash economy than big business, with the
service and construction industries among the main contributors.

"There may have been some initial caution when the GST was introduced, but it
doesn't seem to have changed behaviour significantly," Bajada said.

A Tax Office spokesman said the cash economy was one of the office's highest
priorities. It estimated it had collected an extra $2.6 billion in tax by June
2003 as a result of the new system.

But Bajada's findings contradict Government claims that the GST would reduce the
cash economy. "There is not a country in the world where that has happened,"
said Cynthia Cole, an associate professor in taxation law at Sydney University.
"People in the cash economy are now paying GST when they spend money, but they
were always paying things like sales tax and quite often they have simply
increased their cash jobs to compensate for any extra costs."

Bajada said some cash operators were doing better under the GST because under
the old tax regime cash prices were set arbitrarily. Now they were more likely
to be the standard price minus GST.

There are also indications that fewer people were participating in the cash
economy, although the overall value of it has increased.

Institute of Chartered Accountants tax counsel Brian Sheppard said the Tax
Office reported large increases in new businesses coming into the system because
of GST registration requirements. But those businesses can still negotiate cash
prices. Because consumers cannot claim credits for GST in the way that
businesses can, there is a clear incentive to use cash.

While it is notoriously difficult to put firm figures on the cash economy,
Bajada used the more common approach of studying cash levels and movements.

A similar approach in Canada recently found the cash economy equalled about 13
per cent of GDP. In Britain and New Zealand the estimates are also around 12 to
13 per cent.

Deutsche Bank senior economist Tony Meer said further evidence of Australia's
thriving cash economy could be seen in the number of $100 notes in circulation.
In 2000-01, the number of notes dropped, but rose again in 2001-02 when 6.6 $100
notes were in circulation for every person. "(The cash economy) puts the tax
burden much more sharply on those who can't avoid tax, particularly wage and
salary earners," Mr Meer said. He said there would be scope for substantial tax
cuts if the cash economy could be eliminated.

Bajada said the cash economy also provided unfair competition to legitimate
businesses, and deprived consumers of protections they would normally receive
against problems such as faulty products or workmanship.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Graph: Underground economies.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Business - Technology - Knowledge is powerful economy

BYLINE: Patrick McAliskey

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 703 words


There are few things more talked about in the Northern Ireland economy than the
pursuit of foreign direct investment.

And it is a worthy endeavour, as investment by companies from the US, Europe,
Asia and elsewhere contributes significantly to 'Northern Ireland Plc'.

But we mustn't overlook the fact that we have some fantastic indigenous
companies too. And their growth is arguably even more important to the future
prospects of the economy.

Economy Minister Simon Hamilton visited our new offices on Friday and spoke
passionately about some of the great home-grown businesses we have. We were
flattered to be mentioned by him in the same sentence as the likes of Kainos and
First Derivatives. And there are many other scalable locally-owned companies
that must be cultivated and nurtured too - particularly in what you might call
the knowledge economy.

So I was encouraged to read the recommendations of a report published last week
by Catalyst Inc and Ulster University which states that the key outcome of
Northern Ireland's economic strategy must be the creation and scaling of
indigenous companies.

Overall, the report highlights the considerable value and potential of our
knowledge economy - that is, companies involved in areas including
pharmaceuticals, telecommunications, software, cyber security, electronics,
aerospace and financial technology.

The report defines knowledge economies as those that are powered by individuals,
companies and sectors that create and commercialise new ideas, technologies,
processes and products to export around the world.

It highlights that almost 10 per cent of the Northern Ireland economy depends on
the knowledge economy, and almost 40,000 people are employed in knowledge
economy companies. One in 11 people here are employed directly or indirectly in
the knowledge economy. That's 4.6 per cent of the entire local employment
population. When you consider that our knowledge economy includes large
home-grown companies such as Almac and Norbrook, it is perhaps unsurprising that
it is such a big employer.

Interestingly, the report points out that knowledge economy workers earn
one-and-a-half times the average wage, and that 82 per cent of knowledge economy
sales are outside of Northern Ireland. And we have the second fastest growth
knowledge economy of the 12 UK regions. Catalyst reckons that there is the
potential to have some 160,000 people employed directly or indirectly in the
sector by 2030.

So what do we need to do to support the growth of our indigenous knowledge
economy companies?

Education is one critical area. Northern Ireland's education system must be
aligned to the requirements of the knowledge intensive economy. The curriculum
must focus on technological skills, problem solving and learning activities to
help develop a flexible and adaptable workforce.

Connect's leadership board says that funding for subject areas that are in
demand from the knowledge economy should be protected by Government and
supplemented by support from the private sector in terms of bursaries,
scholarships or philanthropic funding.

They also recommend a review of how SMEs experience current support for R&D and
to examine ways of significantly increasing the numbers of SMEs participating in
R&D.

They also say that Northern Ireland must focus on a few sectors and areas of
platform technology where we can be world leading. As research will be at the
heart of these sectors, we must also create an appropriate number of research
institutes that can genuinely claim to be world-leaders in their respective
fields and of sufficient size and scale to drive and develop these sectors.

The knowledge economy - and the many indigenous companies operating it - and its
potential for growth is a truly exciting story for Northern Ireland. Taking the
right steps to develop and support it will add enormous value to the local
economy for many years to come.

- Patrick McAliskey is managing director Novosco, an indigenous managed cloud
company with offices in Belfast, Dublin, Cheshire and Cork. It employs 140
people and works for leading organisations across the UK and Ireland, including
many of Northern Ireland's top companies, UK health trusts, councils and other
organisations.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Business - Technology - Knowledge is powerful economy

BYLINE: Patrick McAliskey

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 703 words


There are few things more talked about in the Northern Ireland economy than the
pursuit of foreign direct investment.

And it is a worthy endeavour, as investment by companies from the US, Europe,
Asia and elsewhere contributes significantly to 'Northern Ireland Plc'.

But we mustn't overlook the fact that we have some fantastic indigenous
companies too. And their growth is arguably even more important to the future
prospects of the economy.

Economy Minister Simon Hamilton visited our new offices on Friday and spoke
passionately about some of the great home-grown businesses we have. We were
flattered to be mentioned by him in the same sentence as the likes of Kainos and
First Derivatives. And there are many other scalable locally-owned companies
that must be cultivated and nurtured too - particularly in what you might call
the knowledge economy.

So I was encouraged to read the recommendations of a report published last week
by Catalyst Inc and Ulster University which states that the key outcome of
Northern Ireland's economic strategy must be the creation and scaling of
indigenous companies.

Overall, the report highlights the considerable value and potential of our
knowledge economy - that is, companies involved in areas including
pharmaceuticals, telecommunications, software, cyber security, electronics,
aerospace and financial technology.

The report defines knowledge economies as those that are powered by individuals,
companies and sectors that create and commercialise new ideas, technologies,
processes and products to export around the world.

It highlights that almost 10 per cent of the Northern Ireland economy depends on
the knowledge economy, and almost 40,000 people are employed in knowledge
economy companies. One in 11 people here are employed directly or indirectly in
the knowledge economy. That's 4.6 per cent of the entire local employment
population. When you consider that our knowledge economy includes large
home-grown companies such as Almac and Norbrook, it is perhaps unsurprising that
it is such a big employer.

Interestingly, the report points out that knowledge economy workers earn
one-and-a-half times the average wage, and that 82 per cent of knowledge economy
sales are outside of Northern Ireland. And we have the second fastest growth
knowledge economy of the 12 UK regions. Catalyst reckons that there is the
potential to have some 160,000 people employed directly or indirectly in the
sector by 2030.

So what do we need to do to support the growth of our indigenous knowledge
economy companies?

Education is one critical area. Northern Ireland's education system must be
aligned to the requirements of the knowledge intensive economy. The curriculum
must focus on technological skills, problem solving and learning activities to
help develop a flexible and adaptable workforce.

Connect's leadership board says that funding for subject areas that are in
demand from the knowledge economy should be protected by Government and
supplemented by support from the private sector in terms of bursaries,
scholarships or philanthropic funding.

They also recommend a review of how SMEs experience current support for R&D and
to examine ways of significantly increasing the numbers of SMEs participating in
R&D.

They also say that Northern Ireland must focus on a few sectors and areas of
platform technology where we can be world leading. As research will be at the
heart of these sectors, we must also create an appropriate number of research
institutes that can genuinely claim to be world-leaders in their respective
fields and of sufficient size and scale to drive and develop these sectors.

The knowledge economy - and the many indigenous companies operating it - and its
potential for growth is a truly exciting story for Northern Ireland. Taking the
right steps to develop and support it will add enormous value to the local
economy for many years to come.

- Patrick McAliskey is managing director Novosco, an indigenous managed cloud
company with offices in Belfast, Dublin, Cheshire and Cork. It employs 140
people and works for leading organisations across the UK and Ireland, including
many of Northern Ireland's top companies, UK health trusts, councils and other
organisations.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    December 10, 2014 Wednesday 10:15 AM GMT

Experts reflect on progress of circular economy in last year;
We've asked a range of experts to reflect on the progress of the circular
economy in the last year - the results are mixedHelp shape our circular economy
coverage in 2015Brought to you by Philips: This is the future for business -
interactive

BYLINE: Hannah Gould

SECTION: GUARDIAN SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1349 words


It's a little over a year since we launched the circular economy hub on Guardian
Sustainable Business. Back then, it felt like a seedling of an idea that was yet
to fully take root in business. We've asked a range of experts what progress has
been made in the last 12 months.

Ron Gonen, co-founder and chief executive, Closed Loop Fund and former deputy
commissioner for Sanitation, Recycling and Sustainability for NYC under former
mayor Michael Bloomberg

The development of the circular economy will prove to be one of the most
important economic opportunities of the first part of the 21st century. When we
strip out the politics and social commentary about what it means to be an
environmentalist, promoting a circular economy is simply the most efficient and
optimal way to manage a business.

To date, the biggest obstacles have been scale and mature markets that can
accept and trade in the full amount of different goods. There must be an
efficient market mechanism and there must be givers and takers of the same
approximate size. The internet has proven to be the market mechanism. People may
now be speaking about the circular economy as a mainstream economic movement,
but eBay was effectively a large circular economy that operated within national
economies and the global economy when it launched in the 1990's.

The internet enabled millions of individuals to participate in the circular
economy, but in order for the circular economy to become a major economic
movement, participation from major corporations with their massive consumption
of goods and materials in the manufacturing process and eventually their
products, must see value in participating. The last few years has seen some
major corporations recognise the value of the circular economy - from optimising
the materials used in the manufacturing process to ensuring that consumers
recycle their products to bring valuable material back into the supply chain.

Dustin Benton, head of resource stewardship, Green Alliance

Creating a circular economy will take action in three areas: the economy, policy
and politics, and innovation. Scaling quickly will only happen when all three
push in the same direction. Over the past year, the signals have been mixed.

The economic story is straightforward: resource prices are flat, while economic
growth is finally starting to push real wages up for the first time since the
recession. This has dampened the economic urgency of the circular economy, but
it still makes sense. Commodity prices between 2000 and 2013 rose nearly 2% for
every 1% rise in GDP (pdf), and real wages wouldn't have fallen at all if
imported UK resource price shocks hadn't been so sharp.

Politics has been more convoluted (as usual): the EU set out a strong but
incremental policy proposal to promote the circular economy, which the UK
government publicly supported while privately working to dilute it. The
environmental audit committee's Growing a circular economy report proposed a
strong set of reforms, which government quietly rebuffed. Meanwhile, Scotland
and Wales have continued to lead UK policymaking on the circular economy, while
Conservative, Labour, and Lib Dem politicians have promised action in the next
parliament.

The best progress has been on innovation. The House of Lords' Waste
Opportunities: stimulating a bioeconomy report has driven real interest in novel
biomaterials and circular biotechnologies, with genuine support from BIS.
Sustained support will be needed to ensure ideas that work in the lab make it to
the market.

John Buckley, global head, CSR, BNY Mellon

One of the more fundamental challenges for the circular economy is the lack of
strong rule of law in many developing and emerging markets, which limits
investment and business opportunity. Strong rule of law and governance decreases
risk, making commercial investments in those markets more attractive and safer
and creating an enabling environment for responsible business growth.
Governments that have stronger rule of law in place will see economic benefits
as more investment and business can be conducted in their nation. By opening
additional markets to investment and trade, rule of law will help enable a
circular economy and fuel job and economic growth for developed, developing and
emerging markets.

Liz Goodwin, chief executive, Wrap

This year has seen the tide turn for the circular economy. To give a couple of
examples from the past 12 months: the REBus project, which Wrap is leading, has
been demonstrating how businesses can implement more resource efficient supply
chains and the Sustainable Clothing Action Plan (SCAP) has been exploring new
ways fashion and sustainability can be an attractive partnership.

Just last week, Wrap was able to announce that 50 major brands had signed up to
the Electrical and Electronic Sustainability Action Plan. Signatories will be
exploring more circular business models - looking at improving the product
life-cycle, improving durability and increasing reuse. This list of market
leaders is a true testament to show that the circular economy is really
beginning to break through to the mainstream.

We've made progress, but next year I want to see the circular economy really
making waves because it's in all of our best interests to do so.

Ida Auken is a Danish politician and member of parliament from the Danish Social
Liberal party. She was minister for the environment of Denmark from 2011-14

Less than 50 metres, but more than a world apart. That used to be my impression
of the distance between The ministry of business and the ministry of environment
in Denmark. Although placed alongside each other the two ministries used to be
opponents on almost everything - most significantly on the question of growth
and the environment. Environmental concerns were seen as limiting growth, and
growth concerns seen as damaging to the environment.

But within the last year things have changed. The gap between the two ministries
is becoming smaller every day due to the idea of the circular economy. Suddenly
both ministries see the benefit for their agenda in this new way of thinking.

Today it is the ministry of business driving the circular economy agenda in
Denmark. It has created a Task Force to help businesses become resource
efficient and apply circular business models, it has constructed a Green Fund
and is looking at legislation and into creating partnerships with the private
sector. It has understood that the circular economy is about improving
competitiveness by lowering production costs and unleashing innovation by
looking at resources in a completely different way.

It is not only in Denmark that the circular economy is becoming a real game
changer for business. Within the last year it has become a top priority for the
World Economic Forum (WEF). The forum has created a strong team focusing
specifically on the circular economy. It is partnering with key thought leaders
such as The Ellen McArthur Foundation and Bill McDonough and has created the
first award for circular economy, The Circulars, which will be awarded next
year's summit in Davos.

I am convinced that the circular economy holds the potential to become the
engaging, positive vision with thousands of concrete solutions that can give
people all over the world better lives. We have only just begun developing the
idea. It is spreading rapidly and I can't wait to see what 2015 will bring.

Read more like this:


     ·    Disney World's biogas facility: a model for converting food waste into
          energy
     ·    Advertisement feature: Recycling: 'the loop of last resort' within a
          circular economy


The circular economy hub is funded by Philips. All content is editorially
independent except for pieces labelled advertisement feature. Find out more
here.

Join the community of sustainability professionals and experts. Become a
GSB member                                          to get more stories like
this direct to your inbox

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     December 4, 2014 Thursday 10:35 AM GMT

Experts reflect on progress of circular economy in last year;
We've asked a range of experts to reflect on the progress of the circular
economy in the last year - the results are mixedHelp shape our circular economy
coverage in 2015Brought to you by Philips: This is the future for business -
interactive

BYLINE: Hannah Gould

SECTION: GUARDIAN SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1349 words


It's a little over a year since we launched the circular economy hub on Guardian
Sustainable Business. Back then, it felt like a seedling of an idea that was yet
to fully take root in business. We've asked a range of experts what progress has
been made in the last 12 months.

Ron Gonen, co-founder and chief executive, Closed Loop Fund and former deputy
commissioner for Sanitation, Recycling and Sustainability for NYC under former
mayor Michael Bloomberg

The development of the circular economy will prove to be one of the most
important economic opportunities of the first part of the 21st century. When we
strip out the politics and social commentary about what it means to be an
environmentalist, promoting a circular economy is simply the most efficient and
optimal way to manage a business.

To date, the biggest obstacles have been scale and mature markets that can
accept and trade in the full amount of different goods. There must be an
efficient market mechanism and there must be givers and takers of the same
approximate size. The internet has proven to be the market mechanism. People may
now be speaking about the circular economy as a mainstream economic movement,
but eBay was effectively a large circular economy that operated within national
economies and the global economy when it launched in the 1990's.

The internet enabled millions of individuals to participate in the circular
economy, but in order for the circular economy to become a major economic
movement, participation from major corporations with their massive consumption
of goods and materials in the manufacturing process and eventually their
products, must see value in participating. The last few years has seen some
major corporations recognise the value of the circular economy - from optimising
the materials used in the manufacturing process to ensuring that consumers
recycle their products to bring valuable material back into the supply chain.

Dustin Benton, head of resource stewardship, Green Alliance

Creating a circular economy will take action in three areas: the economy, policy
and politics, and innovation. Scaling quickly will only happen when all three
push in the same direction. Over the past year, the signals have been mixed.

The economic story is straightforward: resource prices are flat, while economic
growth is finally starting to push real wages up for the first time since the
recession. This has dampened the economic urgency of the circular economy, but
it still makes sense. Commodity prices between 2000 and 2013 rose nearly 2% for
every 1% rise in GDP (pdf), and real wages wouldn't have fallen at all if
imported UK resource price shocks hadn't been so sharp.

Politics has been more convoluted (as usual): the EU set out a strong but
incremental policy proposal to promote the circular economy, which the UK
government publicly supported while privately working to dilute it. The
environmental audit committee's Growing a circular economy report proposed a
strong set of reforms, which government quietly rebuffed. Meanwhile, Scotland
and Wales have continued to lead UK policymaking on the circular economy, while
Conservative, Labour, and Lib Dem politicians have promised action in the next
parliament.

The best progress has been on innovation. The House of Lords' Waste
Opportunities: stimulating a bioeconomy report has driven real interest in novel
biomaterials and circular biotechnologies, with genuine support from BIS.
Sustained support will be needed to ensure ideas that work in the lab make it to
the market.

John Buckley, global head, CSR, BNY Mellon

One of the more fundamental challenges for the circular economy is the lack of
strong rule of law in many developing and emerging markets, which limits
investment and business opportunity. Strong rule of law and governance decreases
risk, making commercial investments in those markets more attractive and safer
and creating an enabling environment for responsible business growth.
Governments that have stronger rule of law in place will see economic benefits
as more investment and business can be conducted in their nation. By opening
additional markets to investment and trade, rule of law will help enable a
circular economy and fuel job and economic growth for developed, developing and
emerging markets.

Liz Goodwin, chiefe executive, Wrap

This year has seen the tide turn for the circular economy. To give a couple of
examples from the past 12 months: the REBus project, which Wrap is leading, has
been demonstrating how businesses can implement more resource efficient supply
chains and the Sustainable Clothing Action Plan (SCAP) has been exploring new
ways fashion and sustainability can be an attractive partnership.

Just last week, Wrap was able to announce that 50 major brands had signed up to
the Electrical and Electronic Sustainability Action Plan. Signatories will be
exploring more circular business models - looking at improving the product
life-cycle, improving durability and increasing reuse. This list of market
leaders is a true testament to show that the circular economy is really
beginning to break through to the mainstream.

We've made progress, but next year I want to see the circular economy really
making waves because it's in all of our best interests to do so.

Ida Auken is a Danish politician and member of parliament from the Danish Social
Liberal party. She was minister for the environment of Denmark from 2011-14

Less than 50 metres, but more than a world apart. That used to be my impression
of the distance between The ministry of business and the ministry of environment
in Denmark. Although placed alongside each other the two ministries used to be
opponents on almost everything - most significantly on the question of growth
and the environment. Environmental concerns were seen as limiting growth, and
growth concerns seen as damaging to the environment.

But within the last year things have changed. The gap between the two ministries
is becoming smaller every day due to the idea of the circular economy. Suddenly
both ministries see the benefit for their agenda in this new way of thinking.

Today it is the ministry of business driving the circular economy agenda in
Denmark. It has created a Task Force to help businesses become resource
efficient and apply circular business models, it has constructed a Green Fund
and is looking at legislation and into creating partnerships with the private
sector. It has understood that the circular economy is about improving
competitiveness by lowering production costs and unleashing innovation by
looking at resources in a completely different way.

It is not only in Denmark that the circular economy is becoming a real game
changer for business. Within the last year it has become a top priority for the
World Economic Forum (WEF). The forum has created a strong team focusing
specifically on the circular economy. It is partnering with key thought leaders
such as The Ellen McArthur Foundation and Bill McDonough and has created the
first award for circular economy, The Circulars, which will be awarded next
year's summit in Davos.

I am convinced that the circular economy holds the potential to become the
engaging, positive vision with thousands of concrete solutions that can give
people all over the world better lives. We have only just begun developing the
idea. It is spreading rapidly and I can't wait to see what 2015 will bring.

Read more like this:


     ·    Disney World's biogas facility: a model for converting food waste into
          energy
     ·    Advertisement feature: Recycling: 'the loop of last resort' within a
          circular economy


The circular economy hub is funded by Philips. All content is editorially
independent except for pieces labelled advertisement feature. Find out more
here.

Join the community of sustainability professionals and experts. Become a
GSB member                                          to get more stories like
this direct to your inbox

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                             June 19, 2010 Saturday

Might emerging markets help to save the world economy?

BYLINE: Mohamed A. El-Erian

LENGTH: 1038 words


Over the past two years, industrial countries have experienced bouts of severe
financial instability. Currently, they are wrestling with widening
sovereign-debt problems and high unemployment. Yet emerging economies, once
considered much more vulnerable, have been remarkably resilient. With growth
returning to pre-2008 breakout levels, the performance of China, India, and
Brazil is an important engine of expansion for today's global economy.

High growth and financial stability in emerging economies are helping facilitate
the massive adjustment facing industrial countries. But that growth has
significant longer-term implications. If the current pattern is sustained, the
global economy will be permanently transformed. Specifically, not much more than
a decade is needed for the share of global GDP generated by developing economies
to pass the 50 percent mark when measured in market prices.

So it is important to know whether this breakout growth phase is sustainable.
The answer comes in two parts. One depends on emerging economies' ability to
manage their own success; the other relates to the extent to which the global
economy can accommodate this success. The answer to the first question is
reassuring; the answer to the second is not.

While still able to exploit the scope for catch-up growth, emerging economies
must undertake continuous, rapid, and at times difficult structural change,
along with a parallel process of reform and institution building. In recent
years, the systemically important countries have established an impressive track
record of adapting pragmatically and flexibly. This is likely to continue.

With government policy remaining on course, we should expect a gradual
strengthening of endogenous domestic growth drivers in emerging economies,
anchored by an expanding middle class. Combined with higher trade among them,
the future of emerging economies is one of reduced dependence on
industrial-country demand, though not a complete decoupling.

Distribution as well as growth matter. Emerging economies still need to manage
better their growing domestic tensions, which reflect rising income inequality
and uneven access to basic services. A failure on this front would derail their
strengthening domestic and regional growth dynamics. This is better understood
today, with distributional aspects of growth strategy being firmly placed on
emerging countries' policy agendas.

While emerging economies can deal with the economic slowdown in industrial
countries, the financial-sector transmission mechanism is more challenging.
Today's low interest-rate environment is causing a flood of financial flows to
emerging economies, raising the risk of inflation and asset bubbles. The hiccups
in Western banks have served to disrupt the availability of trade credits, and,
if amplified, could destabilize local banks.

These risks are real. Fortunately, several emerging economies continue to have
cushions and shock absorbers. Having entered the 2008-2009 crisis with sound
initial conditions (including large international reserves, budget and
balance-of-payments surpluses, and highly capitalized banks), they are nowhere
near exhausting their fiscal and financial flexibility - and hence their
capacity to respond to future shocks.

Overall, emerging economies are well placed to continue to navigate successfully
a world rendered unstable by crises in industrial countries. Yet, again, the
decoupling is not complete. A favorable outcome also requires industrial
countries' ability and willingness to accommodate the growing size and
prominence of emerging economies. The risks here are significant, pointing to a
wide range of potential problems.

The flow of knowledge, finance, and technology that underpins sustained high
growth rates in emerging economies is closely linked to an open, rule-based, and
globalized economy. Yet this global construct comes under pressure in an
environment in which advanced countries have stubbornly high unemployment and
bouts of financial volatility. The location of growth in the global economy
comes to be seen as a zero-sum game, leading to suboptimal reactions.

As a result, the continued openness of industrial-country markets cannot be
taken for granted. Political and policy narratives are becoming more domestic
and narrow, while the international agenda and the pursuit of collective common
global interests are having greater difficulty being heard.

These challenges will grow in the years ahead. And then there is the issue of
global institutions and governance.

Managing a growing and increasingly complex set of transnational connections is
an even bigger challenge in a multi-speed world that is being turned upside
down. Such a world requires better global governance, as well as overdue
institutional reforms that give emerging economies proper voice and
representation in international institutions.

In the absence of change, the global economy may bounce from one crisis to
another without a firm hand on the rudder to establish an overall sense of
direction. The result is what economists call "Nash equilibria," or a series of
suboptimal and only quasi-cooperative outcomes.

Where does all this leave us?

Emerging economies will be called on to play an even larger role in a
multi-speed global economy characterized by protracted rehabilitation of
over-extended balance sheets in industrial countries. Left to their own devices,
they are up to the task. But they do not operate in a vacuum. Emerging
economies' ability to provide the growth lubrication that facilitates adjustment
in industrial countries is also a function of the latter countries' willingness
to accommodate tectonic shifts in the operation and governance of the global
economy. Let us hope that these global issues receive the attention they
require.

Mohamed A. El-Erian is CEO and co-CIO of PIMCO and author of "When Markets
Collide." Michael Spence is a Nobel Laureate in economics (2001), chairman of
the Commission on Growth and Development, a senior fellow at the Hoover
Institution and, from September 1, a professor of Economics at NYU's Stern
School of Business. THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in collaboration
with Project  Syndicate © (www.project-syndicate.org).

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2010 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Robust growth to shrug off threats;
Global economy - BUDGET 08 - THE ECONOMY

BYLINE: David Bassanese Economics commentator

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 521 words


Due to the global credit crunch and soaring oil prices, this year's budget has
been formed against the biggest downside risks to the global economy in a number
of years.

After sustained strong growth for much of this decade, on the back of low global
interest rates and the emergence of China, Treasury notes "the outlook for the
global economy has deteriorated significantly since last year".

But while there are clear risks, the global economy is not expected to slow
sharply. On the contrary, Treasury predicts the global economy will grow at a
still reasonably robust 4 per cent pace in 2008 and 2009, only a modest slowdown
from the 5 per cent pace achieved in 2007.

That's despite the fact that the United States, the world's largest economy, is
expected to experience a "mild recession" this year.

Treasury expects US economic growth to slow to 0.75 per cent this year after
growth of 2.2 per cent in 2007. US growth is then expected to rebound to 1.5 per
cent in 2009.

But over the nearer term, risks remain to the downside America's recession could
well be weaker and more drawn out.

US consumer spending accounts for 70 per cent of the economy, and households are
facing a wall of pain: falling house prices, slowing employment growth, tighter
borrowing conditions and higher petrol prices. Treasury notes that US consumer
confidence has deteriorated and a significant slowing in household spending
remains a major risk to the economy.

The tightening in credit conditions is also expected to slow US business
investment somewhat, and the housing sector is expected to remain weak until
early 2009 at the earliest.

On the upside, however, a weak US dollar and continued strength in emerging
economies should allow US exports to support the economy. Aggressive interest
rate cuts by the US Federal Reserve and a recently unveiled fiscal stimulus
package are also expected to limit downside risk. So far at least, US economic
growth has held up, with the economy posting modest growth in the past two
quarters.

Note that other developing countries, particularly in Europe, are also expected
to slow sharply as they do not have strong internal drivers of growth to offset
the expected slowing in exports to the United States.

Meanwhile, it's the continued strength among emerging economies such as China
and India that is allowing the world to weather sluggish growth in the developed
world.

Although China does rely on export growth to some extent, which should slow, its
rapid urban development program is providing an important source of domestic
momentum that is unlikely to abate.

The same is true for other emerging economies, which are benefiting from better
economic management and foreign direct investment.

That said, the biggest risk to emerging economies is higher inflation, due to
soaring oil and food prices. If inflation remains high, it might force emerging
economies to deliberately slow their pace of growth, which would undermine
growth across the global economy.

But if inflation also remains stubbornly high in developed economies, central
banks worldwide will be under pressure to slow global growth more forcibly.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: World view Global GDP growth (%) 1999-2009 SOURCE: BUDGET PAPERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 April 12, 1992, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Trapped by the 'old economy' That's what happened to many companies in the '80s
merger binge

BYLINE: by Peter Campbell

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. H5

LENGTH: 668 words


   One of the games corporations play is buying other corporations. For many
companies, this has been a deadly sport. When you look back over the casualties
flushed out by the recession, there is a pattern to be seen.

This pattern is highlighted in the work of Nuala Beck, principal of Nuala Beck &
Assoc. Inc. of Toronto. She identifies four strategic engines of growth for the
future economy: computers and semi-conductors; instrumentation; health and
medical services; and communications and telecommunications. Things like autos,
steel, retailing and real estate development are part of the old economy.

If Beck's perception of future trends is accurate, then the central purpose of
one company buying another should be to facilitate a move by the first company
into the new economy or to strengthen core businesses that serve the new
economy. In this way, acquisitions ensure survival.

But moving from the old economy to the new economy has seldom been the rationale
for the orgy of takeovers in the '80s. Swathed in the rallying cry of "enhancing
shareholder values" were such things as diversification to stabilize cyclical
earnings, economies of scale in management science and the exercise of sheer
financial power.

Most of these objectives boiled down to a massive ego trip by aggressive
executives with excessive corporate lines of credit. Most of their acquisitions
dug their companies deeper into the black hole of the old economy.

A sampling of losers in the acquisition game would have to include Campeau
Corp., Dofasco Inc., Federal Industries Ltd., First City Financial Corp.,
Olympia & York Developments Ltd., and Unicorp Canada Corp.

Campeau diversified from the old economy to the old economy - from development
to retailing - and self-immolated.

Dofasco went from the old economy to the very old - by acquiring Algoma. That
cost them about a billion dollars by the time they disengaged.

Federal Industries diversified widely within the old economy and lost $134
million in 1991. They throw one company over the wall after another trying to
pacify creditors.

First City used its trust company as a front for diversification into the old
economy - real estate development and greenmail.

Greenmail is the process of aggressively buying into ownership of a target
company and frightening management into buying you out at a premium.

O&Y diversified extensively from the development business into the old economy -
Abitibi Price, pulp and paper; Gulf Canada, oil and gas; and Trizec, yet more
real estate. This portfolio has been losing about $5 million a day, including
Sundays and holidays, over the past year.

Unicorp was busy at greenmail in the old economy and is now in the process of
losing its crown jewel, Union Energy Inc.

So much for the losers. Who are the winners? There are lots of quiet ones, but
the high profile ones would include BCE Inc., Imasco Ltd., and Power Corp. of
Canada - three Montreal-based companies.

BCE dabbled with diversification into the old economy in the '80s, going into
energy and real estate, but quickly refocused on the new economy. It has emerged
as a world-class communications and telecommunications conglomerate.

Imasco, as the old Imperial Tobacco Co., had a product line that customers would
die for - Players and du Maurier cigarettes. Acquisitions in the financial
services industry (Canada Trust) and in the health-care retail fields (Shoppers
Drug Mart/Pharmaprix) move the company toward the new economy.

Power Corp. has been sure- footed in focusing on financial services - the
Investors Group and Great West Life, and getting a toehold in the new Europe
through Pargesa Holdings S.A.

These companies' credos seem to follow Beck's implied prescription. Do what you
do well. And focus on doing a good job for the engines of growth in the new
economy.

* Peter Campbell is a Toronto-based entrepreneur and special lecturer in
management at York University.Canada; nerger; economy

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              276 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Derailed market economy needs a lot more than a shot in the arm;
Capitalist economies need to take a fresh look at the basics to find credible
solutions

BYLINE: Parsa Venkateshwar Rao Jr

LENGTH: 969  words


One of the uncharitable criticisms of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the main
opposition party, against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is that despite being a
renowned economist he has failed to manage the economy. An able physician is not
always successful in dealing with an ailment. The disease beats the doctor as
many times as the doctor does the disease. Of course, Singh will have to take
the blame for the decline and turmoil in the economy because he is at the helm.
In the bid to blame Singh and the UPA government for the prevailing economic
woes, most experts seem to shirk the responsibility of understanding what the
problem with the economy is, in India as well as in many other key economies of
the world. It is good to find a political scapegoat but that will not help in
turning around the economy.

We have to look at the three main economic theatres to get a hang of the big
picture. They are the Indian, for obvious reasons, the European and the United
States economies. The Indian economy is dependent on the other two for export
earnings and FDI inflows. The European Union is still not out of the economic
woods. There is as yet no sign of the EU countries reviving their individual
economies and Germany, the leader in the region, is bound hand-and-foot to the
rest of Europe. The US economy is still experiencing the after-effects of the
financial meltdown of 2008. In the EU as well as in the US, government
intervention in the economy became necessary. And the economies are still
struggling. The market sentiment is still low and the animal spirits have not
revived. In the EU and in the US, the jobs scene remains rather bleak, and that
is the worrying point.

The G20 summit in St Petersburg in September turned into a political duel
between US President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin over the
bombing of Syria for its alleged use of chemical weapons against civilians in
the on-going civil war in that country. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's talking
points on monetary policy were not heard, though G20 summits are ostensibly
economy-oriented meetings.

On the other hand, Indian economists and other critics think that the problem
with the Indian economy is due to the ineptitude of the Congress-led UPA
government headed by Singh. It has also been described as "policy paralysis".
Bad governance is sure to affect the state of economy if the economy is
State-controlled. Many are inclined to believe, including the pro-reformists,
that the economy is still in the clutches of the State. And there are enough
examples to prove the point. The private players are unable to set up steel
plants because they do not have land, and they do not have access to iron and
coal mines. Posco, the South Korean steel giant, which wanted to set up a
state-of-the-art steel plant in Karnataka which would produce six million tonnes
of steel pulled out because  government clearances were not coming through. And
so has the international mining major, Arcelor Mittal, from a proposed
12-million-tonne steel venture in Odisha. Infrastructure projects like the
highways are not showing any brisk activity.

Economists are worried by the government's spending spree on welfare measures
like the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA), the
National Food Security Act and  the Direct Benefits Transfer schemes. No one has
yet worked out as to how much  these measures contribute to the emptying of the
treasury. But it remains a talking point.

The three sectors that connect India to the world economy and which impact the
domestic economy are exports, imports and the FDI inflows. The export-import gap
has become a cause of concern because of the Current Account Deficit (CAD). That
is, your export earnings are less than your import payments. Of late, the import
payments have been brought down because of the steep decline in gold imports
though export earnings have not improved substantially. The reduced CAD is good
news for Finance Minister P Chidambaram because he has to show a clean slate in
his Budget statement but it does not mean much for economic activity which is a
key to growth. The manufacturing sector continues to limp and hope lies in
agricultural growth because of a bountiful monsoon. That is, neither the
government nor the organised private sector is doing anything significant to
kick-start the economy. The farm sector is firmly in the private sphere but it
lobbies openly for State support unlike the industrialists and business folk who
seek government help indirectly for invisible assistance.

Planning Commission Deputy Chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia was candid enough to
admit that it was not lack of reforms that is dampening the prospect of economic
growth. He, too, thinks that implementation of projects in the infrastructure is
the cause. He thinks that it is not right to blame the private sector when the
economy is in the pits and that the government should take responsibility for
things going wrong. If the economy revives, then the private sector should be
allowed to walk away with the laurels, he says in a martyr's tone.

It is this gymnastic of political correctness that is preventing a frank
discussion on what is wrong with the economy, of India and that of the world? No
one is willing to say that the free market global economy has derailed and that
it needs to be fixed through some kind of regulation. This should not mean a
return to hidebound state socialism/capitalism. Capitalist economies have to
rethink their basic concepts and they have to come up with solutions that will
spur demand and create jobs. This is something that the learned economists
cannot do. It is the capitalists who will have to work out the solution, if
possible without government crutches.

The author is editorial consultant with dna

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           January 09, 2013 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Analysis: Colonial economy of SA must be uprooted free |fall

BYLINE:  Herbert Vilakazi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1005 words


South Africa is in the midst of a profound economic crisis, which is causing
instability and deformations in our psychological, social, moral and cultural
life, and which, if not resolved, shall cause severe political upheaval.

Not too long ago, the governor of the Reserve Bank stated that the economy was
"deteriorating" fast. One South African economist warned that our economy was in
"free fall".

Inequality, high unemployment and poverty are registered as the main gigantic
problems of South African society. The results of the 2011 census revealed that
the average white household earns six times the income of the average black
household. There is a vast structural disconnect within the national economy
between the white community and the African community.

The proposals, which have come from the government and from our intellectual
elite inside and outside the government, cannot solve this crisis because they
work within the present structure of the economy; they merely want to improve
how the present economy works, hoping that this will trickle down and solve the
economic and social crisis.

The projected massive government investments in infrastructure development shall
not eliminate the vast structural disconnect, just as the construction and
operation of the Gautrain has not made a dent in solving the problem of
inequality, high unemployment and poverty.

Capitalism produced not only the advanced industrial societies of the West and
Japan, but also colonialism and underdeveloped countries. South Africa is a
by-product of this twin process. To know how poverty, unemployment and
inequality can be eliminated requires not only a correct knowledge of how the
problem arose, but also of the economic history of the world.

Regarding the historical roots of our problem, it is not enough to refer to
apartheid. It is simply an Afrikaner term for a policy and process that existed
before 1948.

The roots of our problem lie in colonial conquest. Colonialism gave rise not
only to a colonial state, but to a colonial economy and ideology. Here is a
peculiar phenomenon: the death of the colonial state is survived by the colonial
economy and the colonial ideology. The colonial state died in South Africa, but
is survived by the colonial economy. Our economy bears the scars and shape of a
colonial economy.

The representatives of England settled here together with a population from
other parts of Europe, hence the designation "settler-colonial society". The
European population in this colony became the largest in Africa, giving rise to
a strong emotional bond between this settler community and the West, which is
untouchable.

This gave rise to two grossly unequal parts of South African society. One is
black, forming the vast majority of society, a large part of which is in
pre-industrial rural areas. Africans became the primary labourers, and this vast
sector is poor, with the worst facilities and infrastructure.

The other part is the white community, a tiny minority, which is by and large
wealthy. It has the best facilities and industrial infrastructure and is linked
with the industrial Western capitalist economy.

Colonialism and the slave trade created the racial problem.

The colonial rulers brought people from India to meet the colony's labour needs,
and created a special status for them: thus the South African Indian emerged.
Another status position was created for the children of sexual union between
Europeans and Africans, from which South African coloureds emerged.

The identity and status of Indians and coloureds flowed from the tension between
Europeans and Africans.

A recent creation is the black middle class and a black capitalist class, as
protection for the capitalist social order. This is a very tiny slice of
society, which is merging with the middle and upper classes of the white,
Indian, and coloured communities, making up "non-racial" South Africa.

The black middle class and individual capitalists have become detached from the
colonial economy in which the vast majority of blacks are trapped. By and large,
they have also become detached from the black community, and have moved to
formerly white suburbia.

The problems of inequality, poverty and unemployment remain. The World Bank has
warned about the growing problem of inequality.

How can we eliminate these ills, and the racial problem?

The majority of blacks are trapped in deep underdevelopment in rural areas
through the migrant labour system.

These millions of blacks constitute the colony in society and the economy.
Figures indicate that most working-age urban blacks do not work in modern
industry and commerce, but are in the "informal economy" - in our terms, are in
the colonial economy. This is the country's fundamental problem.

The underdevelopment of black rural communities, and of their offspring in urban
areas, are pulling down the economy. It cannot develop any further as long as it
contains this colony. In accounting terms, when conducting an audit of the
national economy, the colony, comprising the vast majority of society, is simply
entered in the loss column. The cost of the colony to the national economy is
many times the value of the gross national product of the country.

The colony is now sapping and negating the vitality and growth potential of the
national economy and society.

South African economists and statisticians often calculate and bewail the cost
of a holiday to the national economy. The cost of the colony to the South
African economy, the cost of unused capacity of tens of millions of black
people, the cost of unused capacity of women, runs into trillions of rand: that
is how big the South African economy can be if the colony were eliminated. That
is the "potential economic surplus", in Paul Baran's terms.

We need a policy and plan to eliminate the colony within the South African
economy, and develop one modern integrated economy. The next article proposes
such a policy.

Professor Herbert Vilakazi is an independent scholar and contributed this
article in his personal capacity.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Levin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket

LENGTH: 1044 words


When it comes to private equity law, Kirkland & Ellis LLP's Jack Levin literally
wrote the book. His 1,450-page treatise on the topic, "Structuring Venture
Capital, Private Equity, and Entrepreneurial Transactions," was first published
in 1994 and has been updated and republished every year since. He has been
dubbed "the father of private equity" by Chambers & Partners, publishers of
ubiquitous guides to the legal profession, and over his career, he has
represented private equity firms Madison Dearborn Partners LLC, GTCR Golder
Rauner LLC and Willis Stein & Partners, among others, on everything from fund
formation matters to buyouts.

So what does Levin see in private equity's future? A mound of red tape. As soon
as next year, the vast majority of general partners will be required to register
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, he says, creating expense and
headaches for sponsors. "Just as Sarbanes-Oxley increased the cost and
complexity of government regulation regarding public companies, this latest
reform is going to do the same thing for private funds," Levin says. But not to
worry: The new requirements will not have a material effect on returns or cause
people to flee the business. "In time, the lightly regulated private
equity/buyout industry will learn to live with these more onerous rules," he
says.

Levin doesn't expect the megabuyouts of the mid-2000s to return anytime soon.
But he does anticipate a return to the industry's traditional focus on the
middle market and takeovers of relatively small public companies. "The buyout
game will return to its basic roots with vigor once stability is achieved in the
economy," he says. By then, a slew of businesses will be ripe for sale,
including "pent-up supply" created by a prolonged period of economic
instability.

Before that happens, Levin expects a shakeout, as profitability falls,
fundraising gets tougher, more people leave and fewer enter. "That's true of any
shakeout in any industry, including LBOs back in the late '80s and high tech at
the beginning of this decade, and it will likely be true of both high tech and
buyouts now." But several years into a stable recovery, private equity will grow
once more, he says, in both numbers and capital. "The growth will appear even
more dramatic because it's coming on top of a smaller base."

&nbsp;

The Predictors
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/features/cover-stories/on-prediction.php|On
prediction     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lerner:-more-pe-reform-and-more-emerging-markets.php|Lerner:
More PE reform and more emerging markets
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kroszner-warns-about-the-shadows.php|Kroszner warns about the shadows
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/forecasting-is-hard.php|Forecasting is hard
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/werbalowsky%27s-hopes-and-fears.php|Werbalowsky's hopes and fears
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/academics-on-failed-banks,-busted-towns-and-fat-fees.php|Academics on
failed banks, busted towns and fat fees
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/gray-on-commercial-real-estate.php|Gray on commmercial real estate
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/berlinski-and-mass-on-how-pe-will-cope.php|Berlinski and Mass on how
PE will cope     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/cuban-on-nearly-everything.php|Cuban on nearly everything
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/turk-on-europe%27s-future.php|Turk on Europe's future
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/heller-on-bankruptcy,-part-2.php|Heller on bankruptcy, part 2
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/hofmeister-on-energy.php|Hofmeister on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/trinder-on-riding-the-waves-of-regulation.php|Trinder on riding the
waves of regulation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/guccione%27s-triple-play.php|Guccione's triple play
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kallir-on-the-ways-of-the-art-market.php|Kallir on the ways of the art
market           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/grahm-on-wine.php|Grahm on wine
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/routh-on-the-rise-of-dumb-pumping.php|Routh on the rise of dumb
pumping      http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lloyd-george-on-emerging-markets.php|Lloyd George on emerging
markets           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/suhler-on-media-spending.php|Suhler on media spending
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/isaac:-banking-on-consolidation.php|Isaac: Banking on consolidation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/morris-on-limited-partners.php|Morris on limited partners
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/nunnelly-on-a-pe-shakeout.php|Nunnelly on a PE shakeout
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/beale:-waiting-for-the-public.php|Beale: Waiting for the public
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/collier-on-energy.php|Collier on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/levin-on-private-equity%27s-red-tape-and-return-to-the-midmarket.php|L
evin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket      &nbsp;
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/soothsayer-to-the-street.php|Soothsayer to the Street

&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              June 20, 2010 Sunday

Can emerging markets save world economy?

BYLINE: By Mohamed A. El-Erian and Michael Spence

LENGTH: 968 words


MILAN - Over the past two years, industrial countries have experienced bouts of
severe financial instability. Currently, they are wrestling with widening
sovereign-debt problems and high unemployment.

Yet emerging economies, once considered much more vulnerable, have been
remarkably resilient. With growth returning to pre-2008 breakout levels, the
performance of China, India, and Brazil is an important engine of expansion for
today's global economy.

High growth and financial stability in emerging economies are helping to
facilitate the massive adjustment facing industrial countries. But that growth
has significant longer-term implications. If the current pattern is sustained,
the global economy will be permanently transformed.

Specifically, not much more than a decade is needed for the share of global GDP
generated by developing economies to pass the 50 percent mark when measured in
market prices.

So it is important to know whether this breakout growth phase is sustainable.
The answer comes in two parts. One depends on emerging economies' ability to
manage their own success; the other relates to the extent to which the global
economy can accommodate this success. The answer to the first question is
reassuring; the answer to the second is not.

While still able to exploit the scope for catch-up growth, emerging economies
must undertake continuous, rapid, and at times difficult structural change,
along with a parallel process of reform and institution building.

In recent years, the systemically important countries have established an
impressive track record of adapting pragmatically and flexibly. This is likely
to continue.

With government policy remaining on course, we should expect a gradual
strengthening of endogenous domestic growth drivers in emerging economies,
anchored by an expanding middle class. Combined with higher trade among them,
the future of emerging economies is one of reduced dependence on
industrial-country demand, though not a complete decoupling.

Distribution as well as growth matter. Emerging economies still need to manage
better their growing domestic tensions, which reflect rising income inequality
and uneven access to basic services.

A failure on this front would derail their strengthening domestic and regional
growth dynamics. This is better understood today, with distributional aspects of
growth strategy being firmly placed on emerging countries' policy agendas.

While emerging economies can deal with the economic slowdown in industrial
countries, the financial-sector transmission mechanism is more challenging.

Today's low interest-rate environment is causing a flood of financial flows to
emerging economies, raising the risk of inflation and asset bubbles. The hiccups
in Western banks have served to disrupt the availability of trade credits, and,
if amplified, could destabilize local banks.

These risks are real. Fortunately, several emerging economies continue to have
cushions and shock absorbers. Having entered the 2008-2009 crisis with sound
initial conditions (including large international reserves, budget and
balance-of-payments surpluses, and highly capitalized banks), they are nowhere
near exhausting their fiscal and financial flexibility - and hence their
capacity to respond to future shocks.

Overall, emerging economies are well placed to continue to navigate successfully
a world rendered unstable by crises in industrial countries. Yet, again, the
decoupling is not complete.

A favorable outcome also requires industrial countries' ability and willingness
to accommodate the growing size and prominence of emerging economies. The risks
here are significant, pointing to a wide range of potential problems.

The flow of knowledge, finance, and technology that underpins sustained high
growth rates in emerging economies is closely linked to an open, rule-based, and
globalized economy.

Yet this global construct comes under pressure in an environment in which
advanced countries have stubbornly high unemployment and bouts of financial
volatility. The location of growth in the global economy comes to be seen as a
zero-sum game, leading to suboptimal reactions.

As a result, the continued openness of industrial-country markets cannot be
taken for granted. Political and policy narratives are becoming more domestic
and narrow, while the international agenda and the pursuit of collective common
global interests are having greater difficulty being heard.

These challenges will grow in the years ahead. And then there is the issue of
global institutions and governance.

Managing a growing and increasingly complex set of transnational connections is
an even bigger challenge in a multi-speed world that is being turned upside
down. Such a world requires better global governance, as well as overdue
institutional reforms that give emerging economies proper voice and
representation in international institutions.

In the absence of such changes, the global economy may bounce from one crisis to
another without a firm hand on the rudder to establish an overall sense of
direction. The result is what economists call "Nash equilibria," or a series of
suboptimal and only quasi-cooperative outcomes.

Where does all this leave us?

Emerging economies will be called on to play an even larger role in a
multi-speed global economy characterized by protracted rehabilitation of
over-extended balance sheets in industrial countries. Left to their own devices,
they are up to the task. But they do not operate in a vacuum.

Emerging economies' ability to provide the growth lubrication that facilitates
adjustment in industrial countries is also a function of the latter countries'
willingness to accommodate tectonic shifts in the operation and governance of
the global economy. Let us hope that these global issues receive the attention
they require.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 4, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

CAMPAIGN TACTICS BEING REVERSED AS EVENTS SHIFT

BYLINE:  By ADAM NAGOURNEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1193 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 3


In Iowa on Monday, Howard Dean was talking not about the economy, but about the
deadly turmoil in Iraq, and what it would mean for the presidential race.

"It weakens the position of the president and my Democratic opponents," said Dr.
Dean, a Democratic contender who, as one of the most vocal critics of the war,
cited the attack on a Chinook helicopter that took the lives of 16 American
soldiers on Sunday. "There are now almost 400 people dead who wouldn't be dead
if that resolution hadn't been passed and we hadn't gone to war."

In Birmingham, Ala., in a speech to workers at a warehouse, President Bush
talked less about the latest death toll and more about the report late last week
of surging third quarter economic growth.

"Our economy is gaining some momentum," he said, dismissing Democrats who had
warned that his tax cuts would devastate the nation's economy. "We've got a
consistent and effective strategy, and we're making progress."

The day was a snapshot of the presidential contest, as realities on the ground
-- the upbeat economic growth figures and the deadly helicopter attack --
intruded on the best-laid plans of the candidates and this White House.

The Democrats want to blame Mr. Bush for a weak economy that may be finding its
step just in time for next year's election, while Mr. Bush is confronting the
possibility of campaigning against a backdrop of American casualties and chaos
in the war he began.

So in the topsy-turvy world of presidential politics, Mr. Bush was talking up
the economy -- the very issue that Democrats have long argued would make him a
one-term president. And Democrats were hammering Mr. Bush on the very subject
that many Republicans argued would guarantee his re-election: foreign policy.

This could very well prove to be a passing moment in the larger struggle of
whether the course of this campaign will be determined more by foreign policy or
by the economy. Still, over the last few days there has clearly been an
across-the-board recalibration by Democrats and Mr. Bush as they try to keep up
-- and capitalize on -- the changing landscape.

So in Alabama on Monday, Mr. Bush combined a somber declaration of perseverance
in Iraq with a jaunty assessment of the economy. "Remember this last week, the
surprising announcement -- at least, it confounded some of the experts -- that
our third-quarter economic growth was vibrant, and that's good," he said.
"Inflation is down, and that's good. After-tax incomes are up. People are
keeping more of their own money, and that's really important for economic
growth."

Several Democrats, meanwhile, moved to retool their message on the economy to
account for the new economic figures. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina,
who campaigned in Iowa on Monday, said in a telephone interview that the growth
figures would mean little to Americans who remain worried about high
unemployment.

"Out across the country, people are very worried about jobs, worried about their
families, worried about the potential for a plant or facility closing," Mr.
Edwards said. "There's no such thing as a jobless recovery."
Wesley K. Clark, a retired general, issued a written statement saying: "On May
1, the president declared 'Mission Accomplished' on Iraq. Yet we still have no
plan to bring peace to Iraq and protect our soldiers. President Bush seems ready
to declare 'Mission Accomplished' on our economy. I say: 'Not yet Mr. President
-- we've lost too many jobs.' "

In Clinton, Iowa, Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts had just finished
addressing a lunch when Highland Nichols, a retired construction worker and
former chairman of the local county Democratic committee, expressed unvarnished
concern to Mr. Kerry about what the economic figures would mean for Democratic
hopes of retaking the White House.

"The administration had spokesmen out touting the rebound in the economy," he
said, adding: "They were saying this is going to take away the Democratic
platform."

Mr. Kerry responded: "I hope we have a good economy. It doesn't change anything
that I'm saying or fighting about if we have a good economy. We still have a
problem with health care for Americans, right?"

While the economic news may complicate the Democratic case against Mr. Bush,
some Democrats are still struggling to define their positions on Iraq. Dr. Dean,
for one, argues that his opponents who favored the war resolution were now in an
even weaker political position given the events in Iraq.

"I think it was going to be a big issue anyway," Dr. Dean said in a telephone
interview from Iowa. "But it certainly is going to be a more divisive issue
among the Democrats, because things are clearly not going well. I think it works
in favor of the Democrats -- if I become the nominee."

The candidates who voted for the resolution include Mr. Kerry, Mr. Edwards,
Representative Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri and Senator Joseph I. Lieberman
of Connecticut. General Clark, a retired general, has fiercely criticized Mr.
Bush's Iraq policy, but last month in an interview described his position as the
same as those members of Congress. He said he, too, probably would have voted
for the resolution, but later retracted his statement.

Three other Democratic presidential candidates -- Representative Dennis J.
Kucinich of Ohio, the Rev. Al Sharpton of New York and former Senator Carol
Moseley Braun of Illinois -- have also been strong opponents of the war.

Those Democrats who voted for the resolution have been challenged on the votes
almost wherever they go, from farms in Iowa to town hall meetings in New
Hampshire to nearly every one of their televised debates. They are now
struggling to defend the original votes, and move quickly to condemn Mr. Bush in
an area where all the Democrats now view him as vulnerable.

"But what is truly infuriating is the fact that this administration, the Bush
administration, conducted a foreign policy that so pushed our allies away," Mr.
Lieberman told a women's missionary group at the Williams Chapel A.M.E. Church
in Orangeburg, S.C., adding: "And then had no plans for what to do the day after
Saddam fell that we're now in a situation which we ought not to be in, which is
that American soldiers are almost totally alone in keeping the peace there. We
saw the loss of 16 more yesterday."

Mr. Gephardt, who was one of the original sponsors of the Iraq resolution, said
in Concord, N.H., that the nation could not step back now.

"We have to prevail," Mr. Gephardt told reporters. "We have to bring democracy
to Iraq. We cannot fail. If you think Afghanistan was a terrorist training camp,
you wait. If you leave Iraq, it will be a terrorist training camp the likes of
which would make Afghanistan look simple. In our own deep self-interest, to
prevent future acts of terrorism, we have to succeed."

He, too, proceeded to criticize Mr. Bush. "We need a president who can get the
world to work together with us to solve this problem," Mr. Gephardt said.

Mr. Kerry struck a similar note in Iowa. "What the president is doing is in fact
exposing the troops to greater danger than if he did the diplomacy correctly at
bringing other countries into this effort," he said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (Photographs from Getty Images Dean and Lieberman and the
Associated Press others )(pg. A22) Chart: "Following the Candidates"What the
Democratic presidential candidates have said since Friday. CAROL MOSELEY BRAUN
ABOUT THE ECONOMY"Everyone should applaud and must applaud the recent uptick in
the economy. However, it still leaves us with huge budget deficits which will be
a huge drag on the economy." ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"It was a misadventure to be
there in the first place. But now we are there, we have to find ways to bring
our men and women home with honor." WESLEY K. CLARK ABOUT THE ECONOMY"President
Bush seems ready to declare 'Mission Accomplished' on our economy. I say: 'Not
yet, Mr. President; we've lost too many jobs.' " ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"The first
thing we need to do is get the U.N. or another international organization in
charge of the political development in the country and take the U.S. out of that
position." HOWARD DEAN ABOUT THE ECONOMY"I don't think the average person is
feeling confidence in the economy. Ordinary people look for an increase in jobs,
and there aren't any." ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"There are now almost 400 people
dead who wouldn't be dead if that resolution hadn't been passed and we hadn't
gone to war." JOHN EDWARDS ABOUT THE ECONOMY"Out across the country, people are
very worried about jobs, worried about their families, worried about the
potential for a plant or facility closing. There's no such thing as a jobless
recovery." ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"As long as the Iraqi people view the
reconstruction effort as run solely by the United States, our troops will be at
ever-increasing risk and we will not achieve our goal of securing a stable,
self-governing Iraq." RICHARD A. GEPHARDT ABOUT THE ECONOMY"I've been talking
every day about issues that will get the economy to move, to create jobs. We
have an economy which is in some kind of recovery from the recession, but it's
not creating jobs." ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"We need a president who can get the
world to work together with us to solve this problem. That's why I said to him
Bush on a number of occasions, 'You need help.' That was a major mistake on the
part of this president." JOHN KERRY ABOUT THE ECONOMY"I hope we have a good
economy. It doesn't change anything that I'm saying or fighting about if we have
a good economy." ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"What the president is doing is in fact
exposing the troops to greater danger than if he did the diplomacy correctly at
bringing other countries into this effort. We should have Muslim, Arab-speaking
troops on the ground in Iraq today." DENNIS J. KUCINICH ABOUT THE ECONOMY"The
reality is that it's a jobless economy, that wages are depressed, that more
Americans are without health care." ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"It is urgent for the
United States to go to the U.N. with a new resolution which contains the basis
of an exit strategy. It is time to bring our troops home. It is time to get the
U.N. in and the U.S. out of Iraq." JOSEPH I. LIEBERMAN ABOUT THE ECONOMY"But
until those economic numbers reach the lives of real people, it is just not a
recovery no matter how much George Bush tries to convince us it is." ABOUT THE
WAR IN IRAQThe Bush administration "had no plans for what to do the day after
Saddam fell." "We now are in a situation which we ought not to be in, which is
that American soldiers are almost totally alone in keeping the peace there." AL
SHARPTON ABOUT THE ECONOMY"It's recovering only for the top income bracket and
major corporations. We need a jobs-creation public-works program, not tax cuts
and unfair trade agreements." ABOUT THE WAR IN IRAQ"We should immediately
withdraw the troops and go to the United Nations and say that we were wrong to
initiate a unilateral attack and we will submit to a multilateral redevelopment
plan for submission by the U.N. and Kofi Annan." (pg. A22)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              281 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            October 17 1986, Friday

New study plays down size of Britain's black economy

BYLINE: Our Economics Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 62591.

LENGTH: 436 words


Britain's black economy is not as large as is commonly thought, according to new
estimates by the Institute for Fiscal Studies.

It is equivalent to between 3 and 5 per cent of gross domestic product, the IFS
calculates, in a newly published book* and not the 7.5 per cent estimate by a
former chairman of the Inland Revenue - quite apart from other estimates which
are as high as 15 or 20 per cent.


The black economy includes all activities which would normally be subject to tax
- and which escape the tax net. Services for households, including decorating,
plumbing and window cleaning, are typical black economy occupations.

But there is, says Mr Stephen Smith, senior research officer with the IFS, a
wider shadow economy, including do-it-yourself work, the work done by housewives
and so on. This shadow economy does not involve normally taxable activities but
it may mean that the size of the economy, as measured by the official
statistics, is understated.

This is the familiar problem of national accounts. If a man employs a
housekeeper, her work is included in gross domestic product. If he marries his
housekeeper, her work is not officially recognized.

Although it is impossible to put a value on the shadow economy, the amount of
hours that people work in it is probably similar to the total hours worked in
paid employment, according to Mr Smith.

The difficulty arises if there are shifts in and out of the shadow economy, for
example if people decorate their own houses where they used to employ someone to
do it. This could affect measured growth in the economy, although the evidence,
the IFS says, is that such shifts are not large enough to cause major
distortions.

The shadow economy, like the recorded economy, is probably most prosperous in
the south of England. Do-it-yourself is not a poor man's method of household
improvement and maintenance but one associated with affluence.

The shadow economy booms where people are buying and improving houses.

The IFS says of the pure tax-evading black economy that there are dangers in
overstating the scale of the problem. It could, for example, encourage other
people to try and escape the tax net.

'The evidence does not suggest that the black economy is particularly large or
that the tax system is close to break-down,' Mr Smith says. 'Undoubtedly
problems of enforcement do exist in some areas but their solution will rarely be
made any easier by continuing misapprehension of the actual scale of the black
economy. '

*The Shadow Economy by Stephen Smith, Oxford University Press, pounds 19.50.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              282 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            October 17 1986, Friday

New study plays down size of Britain's black economy

BYLINE: Our Economics Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 62591.

LENGTH: 436 words


Britain's black economy is not as large as is commonly thought, according to new
estimates by the Institute for Fiscal Studies.

It is equivalent to between 3 and 5 per cent of gross domestic product, the IFS
calculates, in a newly published book* and not the 7.5 per cent estimate by a
former chairman of the Inland Revenue - quite apart from other estimates which
are as high as 15 or 20 per cent.


The black economy includes all activities which would normally be subject to tax
- and which escape the tax net. Services for households, including decorating,
plumbing and window cleaning, are typical black economy occupations.

But there is, says Mr Stephen Smith, senior research officer with the IFS, a
wider shadow economy, including do-it-yourself work, the work done by housewives
and so on. This shadow economy does not involve normally taxable activities but
it may mean that the size of the economy, as measured by the official
statistics, is understated.

This is the familiar problem of national accounts. If a man employs a
housekeeper, her work is included in gross domestic product. If he marries his
housekeeper, her work is not officially recognized.

Although it is impossible to put a value on the shadow economy, the amount of
hours that people work in it is probably similar to the total hours worked in
paid employment, according to Mr Smith.

The difficulty arises if there are shifts in and out of the shadow economy, for
example if people decorate their own houses where they used to employ someone to
do it. This could affect measured growth in the economy, although the evidence,
the IFS says, is that such shifts are not large enough to cause major
distortions.

The shadow economy, like the recorded economy, is probably most prosperous in
the south of England. Do-it-yourself is not a poor man's method of household
improvement and maintenance but one associated with affluence.

The shadow economy booms where people are buying and improving houses.

The IFS says of the pure tax-evading black economy that there are dangers in
overstating the scale of the problem. It could, for example, encourage other
people to try and escape the tax net.

'The evidence does not suggest that the black economy is particularly large or
that the tax system is close to break-down,' Mr Smith says. 'Undoubtedly
problems of enforcement do exist in some areas but their solution will rarely be
made any easier by continuing misapprehension of the actual scale of the black
economy. '

*The Shadow Economy by Stephen Smith, Oxford University Press, pounds 19.50.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              283 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             Mehr News Agency (MNA)

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

Assessment of knowledge-based economy in Iran

LENGTH: 519 words


TEHRAN, Feb. 21 (MNA) - Iran's secretary of IUESA underlines that in a world
moving toward knowledge-based economy, Iran needs to pay more attention to the
issue to set the ground for socio-economic development.

The process of global economy indicates that it moves from industrial economy
toward knowledge-based one, but creating knowledge-based economy is a complex
and multi-dimensional matter and it requires exact and accurate mechanism. This
type of economy needs available and high quality educational facilities,
communicative and informational infrastructures, systematic research and
development, constant innovation, and organizational support.

Moving toward this type of economy is not merely knowledge-based products and
services, but it also includes mechanism of internalization and
institutionalization of knowledge and technology. Looking to the ranking of
different countries in the field of knowledge-based economy, we consider that
the most affluent countries are those that are based on knowledge-based economy.
For instance, Scandinavian countries such as Finland, Denmark, the Netherlands
and Luxembourg have the highest ranks in the field of knowledge-based economy.
Generally, more than 50 percent of countries' GDP is based on knowledge in
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) that encompasses
major industrialized countries.

Knowledge-based economy has an important and key position in Asia that is the
cradle of large developing economies. Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong,
China, Taipei can be noted as successful instances in this region. Successful
experience of South Korea teaches us how to create sustainable growth by
combining skill and knowledge.

Yet, our country could not achieve to an ideal position in this field despite
repeated emphasis of the Leader of Islam Revolution about paying attention to
knowledge-based economy. General Resistance Economy policies issued by the
Leader are one of the upstream documents in the field of knowledge-based
economy. Another one is 1404 Perspective Document with an emphasis on software
movement and science has predicted that Iran would obtain first economic,
scientific, and technological position in the area of Southwest Asia including
Central Asia, the Caucasus, the Middle East and neighboring countries. With all
this emphasis, Iran ranked 94 among 145 countries in 2012, according to the
World Bank and it does not seem that Iran have changed significantly in recent
years while some countries in Asia and the Middle East have jumped increasingly
in rankings of knowledge-based economies during 2000 to 2014. Thus, we are in
the second half of 1404 Perspective Document, it is necessary to pay more
attention to knowledge-based economy in all components of educational and
learning, technological innovation, and their correspondence with ICT in order
to pave the way for socio-economic development in the country more than before.

Seyyed Mohsen Tabatabaei Mozdabadi is the secretary of Iran Urban Economics
Scientific Association.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/149/399/99/145617885408.jpg

[#x637][#x628][#x627][#x637][#x628][#x627][#x6cc][#x6cc]
[#x632][#x6cc][#x62f][#x622][#x628][#x627][#x62f][#x6cc]

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 399


                        Copyright 2016 Mehr News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.


                              284 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

Chinese economy still an 'engine' rather than a 'laggard'

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 436 words


BEIJING - The negative spill-over effect of a slowing Chinese economy is
overwhelmingly exaggerated, while the positive effect generated by China's
economic structural adjustment is clearly underrated, economic experts said.

As the Chinese economy enters a "new normal" stage with a lower growth rate and
the financial market adjustment strengthens, some international news media have
claimed that the Chinese economy is pulling down the world economy.

However, abundant data and expert opinions have refuted such a claim, and also
call for a rational perspective on the Chinese economy, which still makes
sizable contributions to the global economy and will generate long-term
dividends for global growth with continued structural reform.

China still considerable contributor

It is true that the 6.9-percent growth rate of the Chinese economy in 2015 is
the lowest in recent years. But it is still outstanding amid the gloomy world
economy trapped in "new mediocrity."

The Chinese economy increased by $645 billion last year, which is almost three
times the economic scale of Greece, if calculated with an average exchange rate
in 2015, according to Bloomberg News.

Meanwhile, the US economy grew by 2.5 percent in 2015, with an increment of 400
billion dollars, according to recent calculations by the International Monetary
Fund.

Both the absolute value and the rate of China's economic growth surpassed those
of the United States last year. It is thus biased to regard the Chinese economy
as a source of risk for the global economy, while seeing the US economy as a
source of driving power.

US Nobel laureate for economics Joseph Stiglitz said on the just-concluded World
Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that China has been the engine for the
global economy in the past 15 years, especially in the past seven years.

From the perspective of the contribution ratio, China is still a considerable
contributor to the world economy instead of a "laggard".

China's contribution constitutes 25 percent of the global economic growth at the
current growth rate, said Yao Jingyuan, researcher of the Counselors' Office of
Chinese State Council.

Optimistic about China's economic growth, Russia's RBC Daily newspaper reported
that China's growth will make up at least one third of the world's total in 2016
and 2017, citing analysts' predictions.

Negative spill-over effect overstated

With the recent fluctuations in domestic and foreign financial markets, some
overseas media organizations' over-reading on the spill-over effect of the
slowing Chinese economy might have sold well, but those reports don't conform
with the facts.


LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Namibia Economist (Windhoek)

                                  May 17, 2013

How Many Billions Can the Mattress Hold? [editorial]

BYLINE: Daniel Steinmann

LENGTH: 788 words


My views on the informal economy are regularly sought by policy makers and
entrepreneurs alike. The reason is rather straightforward: by all observations
there is a remarkable amount of cash in circulation but it is hardly captured in
the conventional channels, and most important, it is also largely unreflected by
the commercial banking sector.

Over the past decade attempts to analyse and measure the extent of the informal
economy usually lead to disappointment. At some point, (more than ten years
ago), the finance ministry was very interested to try and form some picture of
the size and the tempo of the informal economy, mostly as part of its endeavour
then, to expand the fiscal net. If I go by policy development of the last seven
years, I get the impression these ideals have been abandoned.

Another tell-tale sign of the furtive nature of the informal economy is the
absence of literature. Several studies I consulted refers mostly to methodology
of intended data capturing systems, but there is little hard fact on the extent,
and more importantly, on any value of this elusive economy.

Most of the available references comprises either opinion or anecdotal evidence,
reflecting again that the informal economy operates outside conventional
channels of transaction.

The informal economy, while every person with two eyes know it exists and can
see its effects in a myriad of small private transactions, is an off-the-radar
activity. By definition it does not enter the formal, conventional, measured,
known economy. And this is what makes it so hard to capture. It is also a
cash-based activity and the cash in circulation amongst its participants, often
stay in circulation for years, before entering the formal economy again.
Evidence for this can be found in the value of bank notes that must be retired
but it is a thin argument to say, or speculate, that this is only the result of
circulating through the informal economy. Bank bills, unfortunately, do not bear
a sign earmarking them for either formal or informal usage. Any banknote can
circulate in the formal economy for a while, then enter the informal economy
where it will probably circulate for a longer period, but at some point, usually
a retail transaction returns that note to the conventional channels.

When an individual who operated in the informal economy grows in means to the
extent where he or she needs a savings account with a financial institutions,
they exit the informal economy as such, and start out on the first steps of
joining the larger economy that is on the radar. But efforts to try and
reconstruct a theory of informal economic activity by measuring the success rate
of new, small entrants, are tenuous at best.

The informal economy is informal because it is driven by people who find
themselves outside mainstream economic activity. Complicating matters more is
the fact that its participants typically have the ability to operate in both
environments. The informal economy is not defined by its participants but by the
nature and value of its transaction. The fact that these are mostly transacted
in cash or sometimes by barter, provides it an anonymity that endlessly
frustrate researchers.

It also does not keep records. Its trail is only reflected in the fact that so
many thousands of individuals more than are formally employed, make a living,
and survive, and not necessarily only on the fringes of society. The informal
economy is vibrant, visible and real to hundreds of thousands of people
typically defined as subject to varying degrees of poverty, yet these same
people live, eat, sleep and entertain themselves on a massive scale. And it is
only when shebeen owners or similar players order beer for one hundred thousand
dollars, and pay for it in cash, that its enormous power becomes visible.

Perhaps the informal economy only becomes visible (if you are not part of it)
where its accumulated resources make the jump into the formal arena. I am always
amazed to see the statistics on stokvels in South Africa. In Soweto alone, an
estimated 800,000 people belong to thousands of smaller and bigger stokvels,
dumping an average of R12 billion (that is with a B) annually into the South
African economy. And some of the more established stokvels have successfully
transformed into BEE investment vehicles, now even owning shares in many listed
companies.

So for all the hopeful sales people that ask me what the magic trick is to gain
some point of access into the informal economy, I can only tell them: I don't
know - actually nobody knows. You simply have to be patient and wait for it to
make that transition from informal to formal. In the meantime, if you want to
tap into it, go set up a shebeen in a shanty town.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

IMF's warning

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XLVIII No. 273

LENGTH: 663  words


In its latest World Economic Outlook released on 27th September, the IMF has
warned that emerging market and developing economies which had witnessed
uninterrupted growth and shallower downturns than their developed counterparts
over the past decade should now brace against looming risks from Europe and the
US. The impact of better policies and less frequent shocks which had contributed
to their record-setting performances in the past are likely to be overwhelmed
soon by certain adverse developments in the developed countries.

According to the Outlook, "there is a significant risk that advanced economies
could experience another significant downturn, as continuing sovereign and
banking tensions in Europe and the so-called fiscal cliff in the US threaten to
put the brakes on growth". In addition, the IMF cautioned about the risks of
external shocks, such as a decline in commodity prices and sudden stops in
capital inflows and, domestically, from credit booms.

"To guard against such risks, these (developing/emerging) economies will need to
rebuild their buffers to ensure that they have adequate policy space."
Incidentally, many of these economies had adopted inflation-targeting and
flexible exchange rates and made their fiscal and monetary policies more
countercyclical, allowing them to stimulate and cool growth as necessary.
However, if the external situation worsens, "these economies will likely end up
'recoupling' with advanced economies."

We feel that the IMF in keeping with its tradition has read the overall
situation very well and such a warning was necessary due to the growing belief
in certain emerging economies of their 'decoupling' from the woes of advanced
economies. Such a mindset needed to be challenged due to further spikes in
global uncertainty which, contrary to the past, could also jolt the prospects of
developing economies.

It was generally believed that the worst was over but a debt-strapped Europe
continues to remain the biggest risk to the global economy and the US fiscal
cliff - automatic tax increases and spending cuts at year-end - are expected to
sharply slow down already tepid growth in the world's largest economy.

Also, foreign investment which had played a crucial role in the development of
emerging economies is likely to decline substantially due to growing risk
aversion in the developed world. In fact, the crisis in Europe and the US has
already slowed growth in the major market economies, notably China, India and
Brazil.

So far as policy space in various developing economies is concerned, it depends
on individual economies but, in general, some of the developing countries had
more room for manoeuvring, especially in monetary policy area. However, whether
such a room was enough to withstand the pressure emanating from the developed
countries would depend mainly on the intensity of crisis and the institutional
strength of the developing countries to cope with the emerging difficult
situation.

Authorities in Pakistan, in our view, need to take note of the IMF's warning
very seriously. Already in a serious quandary and going downhill very fast, the
economy of the country cannot afford further shocks. We don't want to go into
the details but those who are aware of the situation know that, unlike certain
emerging economies like China's, the country has hardly any space left for
policy manoeuvres or building buffers to successfully weather the expected storm
caused by the deteriorating trends in the global economy.

In a situation like this, the authorities at the helm need to devise an
appropriate policy framework at the earliest to ensure stabilisation and
solvency of the economy as well as an action plan to minimise the negative
impact of external shocks on the lives of ordinary people, particularly the
poor. We know that such a task is very difficult at this particular juncture but
overlooking the IMF's prognosis and hope that it is wrong could only compound
the woes of Pakistan's economy.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Why Japan should really win the World Cup;
Or at least it should if social and economic status, rather than pure
footballing skill, ruled the roost

SECTION: WORLD CUP 2010;SPORT; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 966 words


Bookmakers will tell you that Spain is most likely to win the 2010 Fifa World
Cup. The record books suggest that Brazil should be favourites, having won five
of the previous 18 tournaments. Most redblooded Scots and Welsh will be shouting
for any team but England.

If this were World War Three when in reality, of course, it is something far
more significant, the semi-final nuclear shootouts would pitch the US, North
Korea, France and England together; and the US would win the final against the
French. Meanwhile, the US would beat England in Nobel prizes while Germany,
Nobel prize-wise, beat Switzerland into fourth.

But if social and economic factors as gathered in the Times Socer Index
prevailed, Japan would be the winner. Countries like Japan with the biggest
populations (that is, the largest pools of human talent from which to draw)
should have better chances than smaller nations. Countries with money to spend
on training and tactics should be well placed too.

The nations who put most store by health should do well, and assuming it is no
good being drunk in charge of a football, the nation that drinks the least would
be most likely to shine.

Minimal alcohol intake has as much to do with religious and economic factors, of
course, and these contaminate the usefulness of these observations. The
relationship between the murder rate and the footballing chances is also impure.
But if one assumes that football is a Post-Modern replacement for mortal human
conflict, countries with fewer murders will have higher chances of championship
glory.

David Brown, Kaya Burgess and Robert Cole

Explore our Socer index at thetimes.co.uk/worldcup

1 Japan

Population in millions 128.3m

GDP per head $32,607

Overall size of economy $4,384bn

Socer stands for the SOCial and Economic Rankings. How is it calculated? Each
nation is ranked in terms of population, GDP per head, size of economy, doctors
per thousand, murders per one hundred thousand and consumption of alcohol: here
converted into equivalent pints of 5% lager drunk per person per year. Points
are given to rankings (32 for the best, 1 for the worst) and totted up.

Doctors per 1000 2.2

Murders per 100,000 1.05

Lager, pints per head per year 268

Japan tops the Times Socer index because it is rich, peaceable and has a big
population. It is not the biggest or best in any of these: the US tops the
league in population, size of economy and GDP per head; Greece has the most
doctors; Algeria is most abstemious and Ivory Coast is least murderous. But
Japan scores consistently well, and that means it trumps the field.

Japan's Socer index 144

2 Italy 5 Netherlands 6 France 7 Switzerland 4 Germany 2 United States
Population 58.2m GDP / head $29,109 Economy $2,102bn Doctors 3.7 Murders 1.2
Lager intake 282 Socer index 138 Population 303.9m GDP / head $46,380 Economy
$13,751bn Doctors 2.9 Murders 5.2 Lager intake 303 Socer index 138 Population
82.7m GDP / head $34,212 Economy $3,317bn Doctors 3.4 Murders 0.8 Lager intake
422 Socer index 136 Population 16.4m GDP / head $39,937 Economy $766bn Doctors
3.7 Murders 1 Lager intake 341 Socer index 128 Population 60.9m GDP / head
$33,678 Economy $2,590bn Doctors 3.4 Murders 1.4 Lager intake 401 Socer index
125 Population 7.3m GDP / head $43,007 Economy $424bn Doctors 3.9 Murders 0.7
Lager intake 380 Socer index 124

8 England 9 Greece 10 Spain 13 South Korea 13 Mexico 15 Brazil Population 48.1m
GDP / head $27,977 Economy $970bn Doctors 1.4 Murders 2.3 Lager intake 278 Socer
index 107 Population 109.6m GDP / head $13,628 Economy $1,023bn Doctors 1.6
Murders 11.6 Lager intake 162 Socer index 107 Population 191.3m GDP / head
$10,513 Economy $1,313bn Doctors 1 Murders 22 Lager intake 204 Socer index 100
Population 51.4m GDP / head $34,618 Economy $2,301bn Doctors 2.3 Murders 1.2
Lager intake 367 Socer index 123 Population 11.2m GDP / head $29,881 Economy
$313bn Doctors 5 Murders 1.1 Lager intake 317 Socer index 122 Population 43.6m
GDP / head $29,689 Economy $1,436bn Doctors 3.1 Murders 0.9 Lager intake 411
Socer index 120

18 Denmark 19 Portugal 20 North Korea Population 5.1m GDP / head $35,757 Economy
$312bn Doctors 3.5 Murders 1.4 Lager intake 412 Socer index 96 Population 10.6m
GDP / head $21,858 Economy $223bn Doctors 3.4 Murders 1.2 Lager intake 405 Socer
index 90 Population 22.7m GDP / head $1,900 Economy $40bn Doctors 3.3 Murders
6.2 Lager intake 116 Socer index 86

11 Australia 12 Algeria 16 Slovenia 17 Argentina Population 2m GDP / head
$27,654 Economy $47.2bn Doctors 2.4 Murders 0.5 Lager intake 236 Socer index 98
Population 39.5m GDP / head $14,560 Economy $262bn Doctors 3 Murders 5.2 Lager
intake 296 Socer index 96 Population 20.6m GDP / head $38,910 Economy $821bn
Doctors 2.5 Murders 1.2 Lager intake 317 Socer index 117 Population 33.9m GDP /
head $7,163 Economy $135bn Doctors 1.2 Murders 0.6 Lager intake 7 Socer index
109

21 Ivory Coast 22 Chile Population 17m GDP / head $1,674 Economy $19.8bn Doctors
0.1 Murders 0.4 Lager intake 63 Socer index 84 Population 16.6m GDP / head
$14,340 Economy $164bn Doctors 1.3 Murders 8.1 Lager intake 232 Socer index 80

21 Ivory Coast 22 Chile Population 17m GDP / head $1,674 Economy $19.8bn Doctors
0.1 Murders 0.4 Lager intake 63 Socer index 84 Population 16.6m GDP / head
$14,340 Economy $164bn Doctors 1.3 Murders 8.1 Lager intake 232 Socer index 80

26 Slovakia 27 Uruguay 31 Paraguay 32 Honduras Population 6.4m GDP / head $4,533
Economy $12.2bn Doctors 1.1 Murders 12.2 Lager intake 130 Socer index 54
Population 7.5m GDP / head $4,150 Economy $12bn Doctors 0.6 Murders 60.9 Lager
intake 102 Socer index 50 Population 5.4m GDP / head $21,244 Economy $75bn
Doctors 3.1 Murders 1.7 Lager intake 366 Socer index 74 Population 3.5m GDP /
head $13,163 Economy $23bn Doctors 3.7 Murders 8.8 Lager intake 271 Socer index
73

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2010 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                           September 16, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Why we dance with prostitutes

BYLINE: Gregory Heming, Special to Yukon News

SECTION: INSIGHT; At the Junction; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1075  words


There is a lot of talk going on today about the health and stability of the
Yukon economy.

A recent survey by Datapath Systems demonstrated the importance of the economy
to voters.

And while there are many ways to interpret economic data and polling numbers,
one thing is clear: voters, no matter what party they align themselves with are,
it seems to me, never happy with the economy.

The economy, for some reason, does not give people what they want or need.

While this gloomy analysis of the Yukon's economy says some rather important
things about what an economy is and what it does, it also points out a sticking
point in the human character. We can be a rather unsatisfied and unsatisfying
bunch.

The NDP would have us believe the economy, during its time in office, was just
about to get up and rolling.

Then, rather surprisingly, voters shut down their tantalizing brand of Canadian
socialism, which some said included a wishy-washy, anti-business
"return-to-nature" approach to economy.

Back then, voters were after a more pro-business approach to the economy and
bought into the Liberal Party's political language of the day.

What the Yukon Liberals were selling was the notion that by giving "certainty"
to the natural-resource sector of the economy (which by its very nature has
never been nor can it ever be certain), we could ramp up the economy, increase
tax dollars, give Yukoners higher wages, better schools, less crime, diminish
drug abuse and lower unemployment.

Liberals would have us believe the economy during their time in office was just
about to get up and get rolling when voters bought into the Yukon Party's
political language of the day - that even more certainty in the natural-resource
sector was needed to usher in real economic utopia.

The Yukon Party's brand of certainty would require Yukoners to accept even less
regulation and oversight on business. This meant embracing (which means paying
for) a more advanced and modernized (which can only mean more) system of
railways and pipelines, all aimed at getting at our natural resources more
completely and more quickly.

In this scenario, a more certain "certainty" would produce higher wages, better
schools, less crime, less drug abuse and lower unemployment.

So, today, here we sit with an economy cemented in certainty up to about
head-high and sinking.

It now appears the only real hope in climbing out of the economic quagmire we
are wallowing in is to chase "certainty" (which is sill no more possible today
than it was in 2000 or in 1900) to Europe and Asia and, if some economic
storytellers have their way, to the moon and to Mars.

What is happening here?

Why are voters so willing to dance with just about any political partner than
saunters up to them and whispers the sweet promise of a "better economy"?

It seems the only thing less certain that "certainty" is voter satisfaction.

Ah, what a fickle and loose crowd we have become. We change our political stripe
as easily and as often as we do our socks.

But I must be way behind the ball on this one because I am not convinced the
Yukon has any "real" economy at all. And this may just be what accounts for our
affinity for political prostitution.

What the NDP, the Liberals and the Yukon Party are desperately trying to sell us
on is not anything even remotely resembling an economy.

What they are flogging is their particular and local spin on a universal
(meaning international, global and corporate to varying degrees) system of
finance.

In all three cases the system they are peddling is unnatural, unsustainable and
unhealthy.

It is little wonder the operative word in all Yukon politics today is certainty.

Certainty, while meaningless in economic terms, does in fact mean something in
financial terms. It is akin to and gives meaning to such notions as mass
production, high rate of return, highest and best use, developing and
maintaining a diverse portfolio and moving toward solvency while being liquid.

Economy on the other hand, which is interestingly and perhaps inexplicitly tied
to household, garners its meaning from such notions as good work that is
properly scaled, ecological diversity, always moving toward wholeness and
sustainability and being both enduring and solid.

When voters begin to understand what economy is, by first coming to grips with
what it is not -- a system of finance -- we will begin to see what an economy
can do for our lives.

An economy, by its very nature, is uncertain. It is always tied to and
representative of its local environment, which (by its very nature) is always in
a state of flux.

Any economy must be truly democratic. While on the other hand financial systems
have to be purely undemocratic. You could not have a system of finance if "all
things were equal."

An economy requires "all things to be equal," including the land, animals, water
and air and, most importantly, people.

Systems of finance require subsystems whose only purpose is to create and
regulate competition, i.e., to set people and communities against one another.

Our one true test of economy is to be able to see and to measure the "spirit of
community."

We see this spirit in the ways we choose to design our cities, in how we educate
our children and how we care for our old people.

We measure the spirit of community by the number of homeless, disenfranchised
and addicted people we have, or are willing to tolerate, in the places we live
and work.

So it should come as no surprise that while voters are still dissecting the
language of "finance" with its politically convenient catch phrases -- certainty
and prosperity -- voters are still wondering how and why our "economy" does not
address the fact that we have mediocre schools and increasing numbers of
alcohol- and drug-dependant children.

How we decide to finance our future and what we choose as an economy are two
different beasts.

Finance will make some of us rich, leave most of us poor; it will leave some of
the land intact, despoil the greater part; it will protect, by design, some of
our wild animals, many if not most will go by the way.

Economy -- the care and concern of our individual and collective households --
will raise us to a different standard. It will give us a community and a
politics with which we can share a slow, long and healthy dance.

Economy will give us the right to "die in a place in which we have been glad to
live."

Gregory Heming is a writer living in Haines Junction. Contact him at
gregoryheming@northwestel.net

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Yukon News; SIGNS OF AN ECONOMY?... This photo of construction on the
Whitehorse General Hospital was taken in 1995. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2005 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 22, 1984 Friday

Study detects major shift in economy

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 744 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
 A new study, apparently the first of its kind in Canada, reveals a
 significant shift in Canada's economy and shows that information related
 activities account for close to half the Gross Domestic Product.

The information economy - that part of the GDP associated with the
 production, processing and distribution of information goods and services
 - accounted for 47 per cent of the GDP in 1981, up from 35 per cent in
 1971, according to the study by the Canada Consulting Group.

The importance of the $38,000 study, done for the Ontario Ministry of
 Transportation and Communications, is that it measured a shift in the
 economy which, to date, most observers have only assumed has happened.
    "Enough time has passed that we can now do meaningful empirical work .
 . . so far, it has been mostly projections and speculative work," said
 Arthur Cordell, science adviser to the Science Council of Canada.

Most observers feel that, given the rapid growth and diffusion of
 microelectronic innovations, the information economy will become
 increasingly important if Canada is to compete successfully in the
 international marketplace.

The remaining portion of the GDP is comprised of activities such as
 manufacturing, farming, resource extraction and processing, and those
 aspects of service sector jobs which have to do with actual tasks rather
 than the giving of information, said Sheelagh Whittaker, the director with
 the Canada Consulting Group in charge of the study.

For instance, under the definition about half of a medical doctor's job
 would be concerned with information collection and dissemination, while
 the other half, the actual treatment of patients, would not be part of the
 information economy, she said.

The information economy is divided into two parts under the definition
 that was developed in 1977 for the U.S. Department of Commerce.

The primary information economy, which produces information goods or
 services exchanged in the marketplace, grew to 27 per cent of the GDP in
 1981 from 23 per cent in 1971, according to the study, which was based
 largely on Statistics Canada figures.

One of the more striking statistics in the study shows that spending on
 education, part of the primary information economy, showed little growth
 in the decade from 1971 to 1981, Ms Whittaker said.

In constant dollars, education accounted for $5.3-billion of the GDP in
 1971, and increased only to $5.9-billion a decade later, the study shows.
 "If you think about how important education is, how important from a
 public policy point of view that education is for keeping Canada
 competitive . . . then these figures are rather scary," she said.

The study also shows that more than 40 per cent of the employment in
 primary information industries is in Ontario.
    "There is a recognition that Ontario's economy is increasingly
 dependent on information industries. We, for instance, are looking closely
 at telecommunications - the driving force behind the information economy,"
 said David Long, the director of the communication carriers branch of the
 ministry.

In particular, the Ontario Government says that certain CRTC (Canadian
 Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission) regulations inhibit
 the growth of the information economy, he said.

The concentration of information industries in Ontario should also give
 pause to policy makers in other provinces, Ms Whittaker said.

The secondary information economy is comprised of internal information
 services for government and the private sector such as the market research
 department of a manufacturing company which produces information for use
 by the company. That economy grew to 20 per cent of the GDP in 1981, up
 from from 12 per cent a decade earlier, the study shows.

This secondary information economy would likely have been hit
 particularly hard during the recent downturn in the economy, given how
 many companies laid off research and middle management during the past
 several years, Ms Whittaker said.

The 1977 U.S. study on the information economy, which was based on
 statistics from 1967, showed that the information economy accounted for 46
 per cent of U.S. GDP at that time, Ms Whittaker said.

In the United States, the information economy is now deemed to account
 for about 60 per cent of the GDP.

Studies measuring the growth of Canada's information economy have not
 been done before largely because of a "data-lag" problem, said Gail
 Johnson, policy analyst with the C. D. Howe Institute.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 29, 2008 Monday

Region's economy growing, figures show

BYLINE: Jim Martin, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Sep. 29--Right behind Bolivia and just in front of Uganda.

That's where Erie County's economy ranks, according to the latest figures from
the Bureau of Economic Analysis.

With a gross domestic product -- the value of all goods and services produced --
of $8.77 billion in 2006, Erie County's economy is big enough to rank ahead of
all but 104 of the world's 195 nations.

And like most metropolitan areas of the United States, Erie's economy grew in
2006.

The most recent statistics from BEA, which were released a week ago, show that
growth in the metropolitan areas of the United States was 3.2 percent and that
the economies of 308 of the 363 metro areas expanded.

By comparison, Erie's GDP grew by 6.18 percent during 2006, consistent with a
pattern that showed stronger growth in smaller metropolitan areas.

Stuart Hoffman, chief economist for PNC Financial Services, said Wednesday that
he expects that growth to continue over the next year, but at a much slower
pace.

More specifically, Hoffman predicts the local economy will grow about 1 percent
at a time when the national economy will be even slower.

The growth of local economies is proof that the country is experiencing a crisis
in its financial sector and not a crisis in the economy itself, Pennsylvania
Treasurer Robin Wiessmann said Thursday.

The nation's largest economy during 2006 belonged to New York City, a
metropolitan area that includes parts of New Jersey and Long Island.
Collectively, those areas boasted an economy of $1.12 trillion.

The BEA reports that the largest decline in GDP was in the Detroit area, which
contracted $4.3 billion, mostly due to declines in manufacturing as well as
business services and construction.

The more important issue locally, of course, is whether Erie's economy continues
to grow.

Jim Kurre, a professor of economics at Penn State Behrend and director of the
Economic Research Institute of Erie, said it's hard to know for sure without
more recent data.

He does, however, believe the local economy is fundamentally sound and isn't
surprised by a strong increase in the region's 2006 GDP.

"I think we have a lot going on in Erie," he said. "We have a diverse industry
base, which is different from what we had 30, 40 years ago. We've also had some
major participation in growing industries like education and health care."

Kurre said the resilience of the local manufacturing sector will likely continue
to play a key role in the expansion of the region's GDP.

"With things that are going on in the national stage, it looks like the dollar
will probably weaken," Kurre said, explaining that a soft dollar has already led
to stronger exports in recent months.

"That is going to be good news for Erie manufacturing, but bad news for those of
us who buy oil and Chinese TVs," he said.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080929-EI-ECONOMY-20080929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2008 Erie Times-News


                              291 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    October 5, 1996, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Threat of job loss lingers but Canadians increasingly optimistic about economy

BYLINE: PAUL MCKEAGUE; SOUTHAM NEWS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. H3

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA f A new poll suggests Canadians are steadily becoming more optimistic
about the state of the economy although many still fear losing their jobs.

Half of respondents to a Southam News-Angus Reid poll thought the economy was in
good shape. About one in three was optimistic that conditions would improve in
the coming year and almost that many expected their personal financial prospects
to get better.

The results indicated Canadians have become considerably more upbeat since the
beginning of the year, when nearly two-thirds of survey respondents thought the
economy was in sad shape and few foresaw improvement.

The poll surveyed 1,516 Canadian adults from Sept. 20-29.

Fifty-one per cent rated the economy as good, while 49 per cent said it was
poor.

Confidence in the economy was up only a marginal two percentage points from a
poll in July but it has climbed steadily since January, when only 37 per cent of
respondents thought the economy was in a good shape. The figure was 14 points
higher last month.

The change is a positive sign for the economy, which has suffered from low
consumer confidence that has curtailed spending.

The poll indicated views of the economy are decidedly mixed and much uncertainty
remains.

Thirty-one per cent of respondents said they or another member of their
household are worried about losing their job, a level of anxiety that hasnt
changed significantly since early 1994.

But 31 per cent said they expected the economy to improve in the next year, up
13 percentage points from January. Twenty-one per cent thought it would get
worse and 46 per cent thought the economy would stay about the same.

Respondents also showed higher confidence on the home front, with 29 per cent
saying they expected their personal financial situation to improve, up five
points since January. The proportion who thought their finances would worsen
dropped by a similar amount to 13 per cent, while 57 per cent expected little
change.

Albertans were the most bullish about the national economy, with close to
three-quarters (73 per cent) giving it a good grade, up from 54 per cent in
July. In Ontario, 55 per cent of respondents gave the economy a favorable
rating, as did 53 per cent in B.C.

In sharp contrast, two-thirds of Quebecers (64 per cent) said the economy was in
poor shape. A slim majority of Atlantic Canadians also shared that view.

Angus Reid is 95-per-cent certain the national results are accurate within 2.5
percentage points. The margin of error is larger in provincial and regional
breakdowns.

When respondents were specifically asked about provincial economies, Albertans
were again the most optimistic, with 60 per cent saying they expect their
economy to improve. In Ontario, 35 per cent thought the provinces economy would
get better, while 23 per cent thought it would worsen.

Optimists and pessimists were evenly divided in British Columbia.


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart/Graph: Marje Fletcher, Southam Newspapers / Consumer confidence
edges upward

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            February 16, 2015 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Boost economy, budget will fix itself

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. B010

LENGTH: 758  words


Boost economy, budget will fix itself W e are hearing a lot of muddled thinking
about how the Liberal Party's leadership ructions affect the budget and the
economy, much of it coming from business people.

For the sake of their businesses, they need to think more clearly.

There must be some truth to the idea that the political uncertainly is adding to
the lack of business confidence, but the contention it's a big factor is
dubious. "Confidence" is such an amorphous thing. You can say what you like
about why it's up or down without anyone being able to prove you're wrong.

What's incontrovertible is that non-mining business investment isn't growing
very strongly - not as fast as the Reserve Bank was hoping it would be by now,
nor fast enough to offset the rapid slide in mining investment.

I think the main reason for this is simply that businesses don't see much need
to expand at present: their sales aren't growing all that strongly and they're
not about to run out of spare production capacity.

Any chief executive who has failed to take advantage of profitable investment
opportunities because he's so worried about the instability in Canberra deserves
the sack.

No, I think it works the other way round: because the economy's flat and you're
waiting for an attractive investment opportunity to arise, you rationalise your
inactivity by drawing attention to all the failings of the pollies supposed to
be running the economy.

The danger with all this hand- wringing about "confidence" is that it's
supposedly hard-headed business leaders resorting to wishful thinking: "if only
we could have a change of prime minister, everything in the economy would be
much better".

Part of the business angst has been worries about the budget: "it's vital we get
the budget back to surplus to help the economy" and "it will be a terrible thing
if Abbott tries to buy back some popularity by spending big in this year's
budget".

Such comments reveal a weak understanding of the macroeconomic basics. The
budget isn't the economy. They're quite separate things and the fate of the
economy matters far more that the fate of the budget and the size of the
government's debt.

Getting the budget back to surplus within a year or two wouldn't make the
economy grow any faster. In fact, it would make growth much slower. You'd have
to let budget deficits roll on for at least another decade before you got to the
point where it was damaging the economy.

Its main downside would be a level of public debt so high it made the government
reluctant to add to it by using the budget to stimulate the economy out of a
recession. At some point the government's credit rating might be downgraded, but
the fear of downgrades is exaggerated. Its blow to the government's ego would be
greater than the cost to taxpayers or the economy.

The budget and the economy are interrelated, of course, but it's a two-way
relationship. People know the budget affects the economy: cut taxes and increase
government spending and you'll make the economy expand faster; raise taxes and
cut spending and you'll slow the economy down.

The bit many don't get is that the economy also affects the budget.

Stronger growth in the economy leads to faster growth in tax collections and so
reduces a budget deficit, whereas slow growth hits tax collections and so
worsens a budget deficit.

That's where we are now. The prospective budget deficits over the coming three
or four years are now much higher than they were when Joe Hockey took over as
Treasurer. That's partly because of the budget measures blocked by the Senate,
but mainly because commodity prices have fallen much more than expected and tax
collections are growing much more slowly than expected.

The point is, to start slashing and burning in this year's budget would give the
economy another kick in the guts, which would slow growth even further and
probably make the deficit bigger rather than smaller.

This is precisely why, contrary to popular impression, the big cuts proposed in
last year's budget weren't intended to really kick in until 2017, by which time
it was hoped the economy would be back to growing strongly.

We now know the return to strong growth will be delayed.

That's why the Reserve Bank cut interest rates again. But even the Reserve
admits that, at such low levels, monetary policy isn't as effective as it was in
stimulating growth.

That's why what we should be thinking about instead is whether the budget ought
to be used to support the economy further by investing in more infrastructure
projects.

Twitter: @1RossGittins

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TT


       Copyright 2015 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Recovery of US economy challenge for emerging nations

LENGTH: 315  words


Rebound in the US economy and a strong dollar means developing countries will
see outflow of foreign capital. Emerging economies, including China, need to be
prepared to meet this challenge.

People walk through the snow during the morning commute in New York's financial
district near Wall St. February 13, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

It is reported that US GDP in the third quarter rose by an annualized rate of 5
percent, the fastest rate of growth recorded since 2011. The rebound is above
expectations - a 5 percent increase is historically unusual, especially for an
economy as big as the US.

The US has been maintaining inflation below 2 percent, and low prices have
contributed to the economic rebound. Low inflation, combined with low
international oil prices, has given a boost to US consumer confidence and to
domestic consumption. A strong US dollar has attracted foreign capital to the
US.

The rebound in the US economy is definitely good news domestically, but it is
mixed news for emerging economies. As the US is a major importer, its recovery
will increase its imports from emerging economies. Emerging economies can take
the opportunity to promote their economic development.

But there is also a challenge caused by the rebound in US economy and a strong
US dollar. As the US economy grows stronger, the Federal Reserve is likely to
raise its interest rates, which will result in depressing the currencies of
emerging economies. This will cause a further outflow of foreign capital from
emerging economies. Russia's large economy is already suffering from a weak
ruble. China is suffering similar pain. This outflow of foreign capital will
pose a challenge to emerging economies.

To deal with this challenge, emerging economies should have sound monetary
policy, and significant and well-managed foreign reserves. They will also need
to focus on further developing their real economy.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      January 25, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets: Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy - 2013 Report

LENGTH: 362  words


New Delhi, Jan. 25 -- Research and Markets
(http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/76xs8m/analyzing_the) has announced
the addition of the "Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy" report to their offering.

A hydrogen economy is a hypothetical economy in which energy is stored and
transported as hydrogen (H2). Various hydrogen economy scenarios can be
envisaged using hydrogen in a number of ways. Proponents of a hydrogen economy
suggest that hydrogen is an environmentally cleaner source of energy to
end-users, particularly in transportation applications, without release of
pollutants (such as greenhouse gasses) at the point of end use; and that these
advantages may hold similarly with use of hydrogen produced with energy from
fossil fuels, if carbon capture or carbon sequestration methods are utilized at
the site of energy or hydrogen production.



Meanwhile, critics of a hydrogen economy argue that for many planned
applications of hydrogen, direct use of energy in the form of electricity,
chemical batteries and fuel cells, and production of liquid synthetic fuels from
carbon dioxide, might accomplish many of the same net goals of a hydrogen
economy, while requiring only a small fraction of the investment in new
infrastructure.

The latest offering brings you a complete analysis of the Hydrogen Economy.
Analyzing the Hydrogen Economy report contains a focused socio-economic,
political, and environmental analysis of the factors affecting the hydrogen
economy. The report contains an analysis of the technologies involved in
hydrogen production, hydrogen storage, hydrogen conversion, and much more.

The report also carries in-depth case studies on the various countries which are
actively involved in the hydrogen economy. An analysis of the technical
barriers, other issues, cost effectiveness affecting the hydrogen economy, and
the procedure involved in the actually implementation of the hydrogen economy
are all discussed in great details inside this report. Determining the future of
the hydrogen economy and the energy industry becomes a lot easier with this
report.

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/76xs8m/analyzing_the

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 18, 2011 Friday

Continuity, consistency and credibility

LENGTH: 1602 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 18 -- ECB has issued following Introductory remarks by Mario
Draghi, President of the ECB, at the 21st Frankfurt European Banking Congress
"The Big Shift", Frankfurt am Main:

Ladies and gentlemen,

It is a privilege and a pleasure for me to be here today.

As you know, this is the first time I'm speaking publicly as President of the
European Central Bank outside the ECB. I could not think of a more appropriate
occasion than the European Banking Congress in the ECB's home town.

I understand that this congress was established about 20 years ago to strengthen
the position of Frankfurt as a European financial centre, and thereby make the
city attractive as a location - first for the European Monetary Institute and
now for the ECB. Well, I am pleased to see how successful it has been!

Before discussing the shift towards a much greater role of emerging economies,
which is the theme of today's congress, let me elaborate on the current
situation in the euro area.

I. The euro area situation and ECB monetary policy

Activity is expected to weaken in most of the advanced economies. This is the
result of a weakening of various components of aggregate demand, both domestic
and foreign. And it is evident in 'hard' data as well as survey data.

In the euro area, downside risks to the economic outlook have increased, and the
weaker degree of activity will moderate price, cost and wage pressures.

This is why the ECB decided to reduce its key interest rates by 25 basis points
on 3 November, acting in full compliance with its mandate to maintain price
stability in the medium term.

We are aware of the current difficulties for banks due to the stress on
sovereign bonds, the tightness of funding markets and the scarcity of eligible
collateral. We are also aware of the problems of maturity mismatches on balance
sheets, the challenges to raise levels of capital and the cyclical risks related
to the downturn.

In the money market, we see rising spreads between secured and unsecured
segments, and a widening of repo prices between different types of collateral.
Interbank activity remains subdued and concentrated in the very short-term
maturities. This limited activity is reflected in increased recourse to our
liquidity-providing operations, as well as to our deposit facility.

So far, the ECB has taken several non-standard measures to ensure that
short-term funding does not represent a problem for euro area banks. The most
important non-standard measures are the fixed rate full allotment procedures and
the longer-term refinancing operations. We have also implemented three
additional US dollar operations, which cover the end of the year, and we have
launched a second covered bond purchasing programme.

Let me use this occasion to dwell a bit further on monetary policy in the
current environment. Three principles are of the essence: continuity,
consistency and credibility.

Continuity first and foremost refers to our primary objective of maintaining
price stability over the medium term.

Consistency means to act in line with our primary objective and with our
strategy both in time and over time.

Credibility implies that our monetary policy is successful in anchoring
inflation expectations over the medium and longer term. This is the major
contribution we can make in support of sustainable growth, employment creation
and financial stability. And we are making this contribution in full
independence.

Gaining credibility is a long and laborious process. Maintaining it is a
permanent challenge. But losing credibility can happen quickly - and history
shows that regaining it has huge economic and social costs.

These three principles - continuity, consistency and credibility - are at the
root of the Governing Council's outstanding record during the past 13 years in
terms of price stability and anchoring inflation expectations.

National economic policies are equally responsible for restoring and maintaining
financial stability. Solid public finances and structural reforms - which lay
the basis for competitiveness, sustainable growth and job creation - are two of
the essential elements.

But in the euro area there is a third essential element for financial stability
and that must be rooted in a much more robust economic governance of the union
going forward. In the first place now, it implies the urgent implementation of
the European Council and Summit decisions. We are more than one and a half years
after the summit that launched the EFSF as part of a financial support package
amounting to 750 billion euros or one trillion dollars; we are four months after
the summit that decided to make the full EFSF guarantee volume available; and we
are four weeks after the summit that agreed on leveraging of the resources by a
factor of up to four or five and that declared the EFSF would be fully
operational and that all its tools will be used in an effective way to ensure
financial stability in the euro area. Where is the implementation of these
long-standing decisions?

II. The shift towards a much greater role of emerging economies

Let me now turn to the "big shift" in the global economy that is the theme of
today's congress: the much greater role of emerging economies.

Their performance in the aftermath of the crisis has been impressive. Diverging
economic performance between the emerging economies and the advanced economies
had been evident for at least a decade. But after the crisis, there was a
dramatic widening in the divergence.

Initially after the 'Lehman shock' of September 2008, economic activity
contracted sharply in both advanced and emerging economies. But a two-speed
recovery quickly became evident. The emerging economies have returned to their
pre-crisis economic dynamism very rapidly, while the advanced economies have
experienced the slow pace of growth that is typical for recoveries following
profound financial crises.

To this day, most of the advanced economies are only close to, or have just
recovered, their production levels pre-Lehman. In contrast, output in the main
emerging economies is now already 20% higher than it was before.

In the past, shocks in advanced economies often caused enduring drags on
emerging economies. The Latin American debt crisis of the 1980s was a prominent
example. But now, economic reform and strengthened institutions in the emerging
world have changed this pattern. Generally, these economies have built enough
financial, fiscal and external buffers to dampen international spillovers.

The second feature I would like to highlight is the asymmetry between the rising
role of the emerging economies in trade and their still lagging role in finance.
They are giants in trade, but their financial linkages to the rest of the world
are still developing. Indeed, they are much more open in terms of trade: trade
openness is close to 60% of GDP, whereas the same measure based on financial
flows is less than 15% of GDP.

The third feature is the relevance of emerging economies for the euro area. They
account for roughly one third of our external trade, up from a quarter ten years
ago. Interestingly, this increase in the weight of emerging economies has
improved the price competitiveness of the euro area, because on average they
have had higher inflation than us. At the same time, their higher inflation has
not fed into higher euro area prices, because their goods were much cheaper to
begin with and because of an increasing share of imports from these countries.

The euro area also benefits from trade with emerging economies in terms of
product specialisation. We have a comparative advantage in mid-technology
exports, while the most dynamic emerging economies focus on either high-tech or
low-tech good. Thus, those economies compete more directly with exports from the
United States and Japan or other emerging economies.

The euro area is also helped by the composition of demand in emerging economies.
This is tilted more towards goods than services, matching the composition of
euro area exports better than that of other large advanced economies.

Therefore, in macroeconomic terms, the euro area's trade relationship with
emerging economies has been generally positive.

Conclusion

In spite of the decoupling experienced in recent years, the fortunes of advanced
and emerging economies are intimately linked. The growth of emerging economies
has brought a much higher level of economic prosperity to hundreds of millions
of their people. And their rising role means that today they share
responsibility for global economic performance in half with the rest of the
world. They account for almost 50% of global GDP measured in purchasing power
parity terms (or just over one third of global GDP measured in market exchange
rates).

In today's global economy, advanced economies can face some of the same distress
that was earlier associated with emerging economies: profound fiscal challenges,
sudden stops in capital flows, macroeconomic retrenchment and forced reform. At
the same time, and going forward, the emerging economies will be confronted with
the challenges that have long concerned advanced economies: population ageing
and, perhaps, reform fatigue.

In spite of the current challenges faced by the global economy, we must resist
temptation to resort to unilateral policies, and we must work together to ensure
that the gains achieved are firmly secured for future generations.

Thank you for your attention. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Kroszner warns about the shadows

LENGTH: 1095 words


Randall Kroszner, 48, knows a thing or two about banking regulation. His
three-year stint as a governor of the Federal Reserve Board and chair of its
Committee on Supervision and Regulation of Banking Institutions and of the
Committee on Consumer and Community Affairs ended in January 2009, right after
the most serious months of the financial crisis. Today he still has concerns,
specifically about how financial reform could harm more than help the system by
pushing capital-­intensive banking activities into the shadows.

The Volcker Rule, contained in the reform legislation, generally prohibits banks
from proprietary trading and running private equity or hedge funds, though they
may invest up to 3% of Tier 1 capital in those funds. Bank spinoffs of these
operations have already begun. "I think pushing more of these activities from
regulated institutions and into the shadow banking system has the potential to
exacerbate the interconnectedness problem, reduce transparency and increase the
fragility of the system," he says. "For me, it raises a red flag that this is an
area where we have to be very, very careful because the implementation
potentially could make the system more rather then less fragile.

"The unintended consequences of simply changing who undertakes the activity but
not changing the amount of risk is something supervisors need to be wary of."

Still, longtime regulator Kroszner is careful to warn, not predict. "There may
be particular activities that the Basel Committee decides have a high capital
charge," he says, forcing banks to spin them off. These could include some
derivatives activities that are "a natural part of risk management in banking,"
he says. "Depending upon how capital requirements are implemented, it could
simply push them out to other organizations that will not have the solid capital
requirements and still pose risks to the system."

Kroszner, a former member of the Council of Economic Advisers from 2001 to 2003,
is now a professor of economics at the Booth School of Business of the
University of Chicago. As an economist, he is less averse to speculating about
the economic future. He does not see a double dip, for instance. "Certainly,
there seems to be a slowing in the economy in the second quarter, compared to
the first, and the job creation machine has certainly slowed, but I don't see
evidence yet of that machine stopping or that we would go back into economic
contraction," he says.

"Although the most recent numbers have been weaker, we have been seeing
productivity growth [over the past two years], so that suggests that the
production machine is not broken."

&nbsp;

The Predictors
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/features/cover-stories/on-prediction.php|On
prediction     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lerner:-more-pe-reform-and-more-emerging-markets.php|Lerner:
More PE reform and more emerging markets
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kroszner-warns-about-the-shadows.php|Kroszner warns about the shadows
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/forecasting-is-hard.php|Forecasting is hard
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/werbalowsky%27s-hopes-and-fears.php|Werbalowsky's hopes and fears
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/academics-on-failed-banks,-busted-towns-and-fat-fees.php|Academics on
failed banks, busted towns and fat fees
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/gray-on-commercial-real-estate.php|Gray on commmercial real estate
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/berlinski-and-mass-on-how-pe-will-cope.php|Berlinski and Mass on how
PE will cope     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/cuban-on-nearly-everything.php|Cuban on nearly everything
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/turk-on-europe%27s-future.php|Turk on Europe's future
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/heller-on-bankruptcy,-part-2.php|Heller on bankruptcy, part 2
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/hofmeister-on-energy.php|Hofmeister on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/trinder-on-riding-the-waves-of-regulation.php|Trinder on riding the
waves of regulation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/guccione%27s-triple-play.php|Guccione's triple play
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kallir-on-the-ways-of-the-art-market.php|Kallir on the ways of the art
market           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/grahm-on-wine.php|Grahm on wine
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/routh-on-the-rise-of-dumb-pumping.php|Routh on the rise of dumb
pumping      http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lloyd-george-on-emerging-markets.php|Lloyd George on emerging
markets           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/suhler-on-media-spending.php|Suhler on media spending
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/isaac:-banking-on-consolidation.php|Isaac: Banking on consolidation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/morris-on-limited-partners.php|Morris on limited partners
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/nunnelly-on-a-pe-shakeout.php|Nunnelly on a PE shakeout
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/beale:-waiting-for-the-public.php|Beale: Waiting for the public
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/collier-on-energy.php|Collier on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/levin-on-private-equity%27s-red-tape-and-return-to-the-midmarket.php|L
evin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket      &nbsp;
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/soothsayer-to-the-street.php|Soothsayer to the Street

&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                            Sunday Tribune (Ireland)

                                  May 4, 2008

Economic downturn could cause rise in numbers working in black economy

BYLINE: Shane Coleman, Political Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N09

LENGTH: 366 words


Ireland's black economy has continued to fall but the economic downturn could
see a reversal of that trend within months, according to Europe's leading expert
on shadow economy activity, Friedrich Schneider, who is Full Professor of
Economics at the Johannes Kepler University Linz in Austria. Latest 2008
estimates indicate that Ireland's black economy has fallen to 12.2% of the
country's national income. While this values the black economy at a staggering
EUR24bn, the proportion of economic activity taking place unofficially is down
from 13.4% of GDP in 2006, 14.8% in 2005 and 17.1% in 1999.

Although the level of black economy activity continued to rise in the early
years of the Celtic Tiger, it has fallen steadily in recent years. Schneider
puts this down to a change in workers' perceptions about the merits of working
in the official economy, caused by the booming economy. However, he plans to
revisit his research in July and says he will not be surprised if there is an
increase in the level of black economy activity here.

"If a country slips into recession, people want to keep their standard of living
and, as a result, there is (typically) an increase in the shadow economy,"
Schneider told the Sunday Tribune, adding that Ireland was one of the countries
in his study where the percentage of black economy activity could increase.
Ireland is ranked in the middle tier of OECD countries when it comes to the
black economy, he said.

Schneider says that two-thirds of the black economy is 'nixer-related' - people
who are employed but do some work unofficially.

Over a decade ago, Schneider prompted considerable debate here when he estimated
that one in three of those officially unemployed in Ireland were actually
working. However, since then the jobless rate has dropped dramatically.

The professor has always stressed that it is a good thing that people are
working and his emphasis is very much on legitimising the black economy. "The
longer I do research on this subject, the more I doubt whether it (the black
economy) is bad. The largest bad impact is clearly the loss of tax and social
payments. But you can't say that it's only negative," he told the Sunday Tribune
in 1999.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Sunday Tribune plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 27, 2002 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Cyclical uncoupling derails media profits;
ABACUS

BYLINE: Elizabeth Knight

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 751 words


It's a funny thing that when the market indicators signal a fall in the economy,
or even a fall in economic growth rates, the first sector to be hit is media.

The media sector has long been considered a proxy for the state of the economy
and a leading indicator of economic health. So what happened in this reporting
season?

The media companies experienced an earnings bloodbath.

Fairfax earnings before interest and tax fell 32.6 per cent. Media earnings from
PBL's television assets fell 24.3 per cent (magazines were up due to an increase
in market share) and Seven's television EBIT were down 24 per cent.

Ten is something of an aberration here because it has snatched a chunk of market
share mostly from Seven. It is expected to report increased earnings.

They are all suffering the same problem a fall-off in advertising.

But wait. The Australian economy is strong one of the strongest in the world. So
why isn't advertising stronger?

There are many different explanations, but to the extent that a theme can be
identified the suggestion seems to be that while the underlying broader economy
has influence, a series of [four] sub-economies and microtrends have an even
bigger effect.

Let's take the sub-economies theory first. This says there are four economies
within the broader economy: business, consumer, export and government.

Short of an election or major privatisation, only the first three count.

Over the financial year there is no doubt that the business economy has been
weaker than the consumer economy. The business economy showed far less
confidence than the consumer economy, which had robustness demonstrated in
strong retail sales and property.

While economists are predicting a crossover in this financial year, the 2002
year reflects this position. The relative strength in newspapers was in
circulation sales rather than advertising.

Business advertises consumers buy.

Classified newspaper advertising is derived from both consumers and business,
with a consumer element in some classifieds, particularly motor vehicles.

But for the most part the strength of the advertising market is dictated by the
strength of the business economy.

Correlations are obvious between the property market and the overall economy but
they don't necessarily run in time the property market is highly sensitive to
interest rates, which typically are low during slower economic times.

The fact that we have experienced growth with low inflation and low interest
rates is all the explanation needed for the residential property bubble.

As far as the job market is concerned no-one presents a really plausible
argument as to why this category is not reflected in strong employment
classifieds other than some talk of a lack of churn.

Fairfax says that historically employment advertising does better when the white
collar economy is powering ahead. And both radio and television companies say
some big advertising categories in the service sector (mainly travel and
insurance) are lifeless post-September 11.

Investment banking (a big display advertiser) has suffered from the fact that it
is primarily offshore funded, and these players are pulling in their horns.

Local subsidiaries of multinationals, generally, have experienced big marketing
budget cuts from their US/European head offices, where the economies are weaker.
On top of this, their Australian offshoots have experienced a big cut in
contributions in 2002 over 2001 because of the weakness of the Australian
dollar.

Last in the equation is the influence of the export economy. This is mostly
about commodities rural and mineral. This sector has been enormously boosted by
the weakness of the Australian dollar but the gains have mostly been in rural
Australia.

So what does all this mean for major media companies in the medium to long term?

It means that there seems to have been a cyclical disconnection. A stronger
economy will clearly be good for the general level of advertising expenditure,
but the 2002 year has demonstrated that that is not enough.

The companies say the correlation was never as clear as the market believed, and
last year supports their case.

The trouble is that if these companies can't rely on a strong economy to boost
earnings, how can shareholders predict future prospects?

For media companies and plenty of others the answer to ensuring some degree of
certainty has been a cost containment program.

Top-line growth seems increasingly difficult to predict particularly in the
absence of a strong correlation between advertising and GDP.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Bad news...media earnings from PBL television fell 24.3 per
cent. Photo: Brendan Esposito

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 3, 1995, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

JURY OUT ON INFORMAL SECTOR: Is underground economy the problem or the solution?

BYLINE: Michael Walker For The Financial Post

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 819 words


A year ago, the Fraser Institute was host to a conference on the economics of
the underground economy. Experts from Europe, North and South America and the
former Soviet Union provided an interesting array of perspectives on the drug
economy; the economics of the mafia; the informal sectors of Latin American
economies; the views of a statistical agency; the implications for those
responsible for taxation and, perhaps most important, the effect that the
existence and growth of the underground has on the statistics  we use to chart
the economy.

What the media and some other observers asked more than anything else was: ''How
big is the underground economy?'' While, of course, the only precise answer  to
this question is, ''we don't know,'' estimates ranging from 3% to 21% of the
measured economy were offered. For Canada, this would mean the underground
economy is as small as $37.5 billion or as large as $158 billion. Upon closer
scrunity and much discussion, the range was narrowed down to between 10% and 15%
of the measured economy. Statistics Canada held out for a number less than 5%.
But hey, it's their estimates of the measured economy that we are talking about
here!

The reason for the lack of precision in measuring the underground economy is
that those who labor there deliberately try to cover their traces - especially
from those responsible for collecting taxes. Therefore, indirect ways have to be
found and the most-used indirect measure is the amount of currency in
circulation. Given the history of people's desire to hold money in the form of
currency rather than bank deposits, researchers estimate how much currency one
should observe in circulation given the measured amount of gross domestic
product. The currency in excess of this amount is thought to be financing
activities in the underground economy.

In many instances, this method will greatly underestimate the size of the
underground because some other currency is actually used. For example, recent
estimates by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board suggest that as much as 70% of the
total stock of U.S. currency outstanding is actually held outside the U.S. The
presumption is that much of this is financing underground activity in such
places as Peru, where the ''informal'' economy makes up as much of 50% of the
total economy. It is unknown how much economic activity in Canada might be
financed by U.S. or other foreign currencies.

Another central question about the underground economy is whether it is a
problem or a solution. National Revenue Minister David Anderson has correctly
pointed out that when some people evade taxes, the load on those who don't is
increased. If the evader is a business that doesn't pay the GST for example,
that business has a competitive advantage over a firm that does pay the GST.
Ditto for other taxes and regulations. (As was pointed out by the European and
South American experts, often it is regulations that drive businesses to drop
out of the formal economy into the underground.)

On the other hand, some people suggest quite correctly that the tax and
regulation wedge imposed by government is killing economic activity and forcing
it to redevelop in the underground. In this view, the underground economy is a
measure of the extent to which economic activity is the victim of taxation and
regulation policy and so the underground isn't a problem, it could be a
solution: Is an economy worse off or better off if there is a rapidly growing
underground economy?  Evidently the answer will depend on whether and to what
extent this economic activity and the employment it provides would have been
killed otherwise.

While increased tax enforcement is often offered as the solution, the experts
also noted that increased enforcement amounts to an increase in the effective
tax rate. Such increased enforcement can indeed result in more compliance by
those who are sensitive to being apprehended. On the other hand, it can also
increase the effort evaders are willing to expend, with indeterminate effect on
the actual extent of tax collection.

Evidence from Mexico was most enlightening in this regard, since it showed that
stepped-up enforcement accompanied by a large reduction in the rates of taxation
and a comprehensive program of advertising about the extent to which the system
is being enforced can actually produce big increases in revenue. The tax rate
reductions meant that the incentive to evade taxes was reduced. The enforcement
effort - including high society and sport-figure jailings - sent a signal to
those inclined to resist and to all tax payers that the rich were not
successfully evading. The overall package lent credibility to the tax regime and
reduced underground economic activity.

It is this latter experience that may hold the  most useful information for
Anderson and the others responsible for tax collection.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.


                              300 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 29, 1992, Sunday, SUNDAY EDITION

Put your money on the new economy

BYLINE: BY PETER CAMPBELL

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. H2

LENGTH: 800 words


Canadian Auto Workers Local 222 recently turned down a proposal that would have
allowed scheduling of mandatory overtime. The object of the overtime is a claim
by the company that it is necessary to avoid subsequent beginning of shift
bottlenecks - thus enhancing productivity.

The Oshawa workers did this at a time when they knew that General Motors was
going through a significant downsizing to bring production into line with
reduced market share.

The workers knew that several plants would be closed. They also knew that the
least efficient plants and/or those with the most cantankerous work environments
would be at the top of the closing hit list.

This dramatic confrontation hardball is an illustration of the old economy at
work.

Another illustration, but at a later stage than the Oshawa situation, is the
recent Algoma Steel work-out. Subsequent to a debilitating strike in 1990, the
net effect is that the owners have thrown up their hands and walked away. The
workers and the creditors now own the company.

Previous wage gains have been given back. All participants seem flexible after
the crisis - unlike their stance before the crisis. Survival is touch and go at
best.

If the prospects for the old economy and the way it works are not very
encouraging, is there anything going on out there that can ease our despair? Is
there something happening that can bolster our confidence about the future?

Can we get rid of the lemming instincts of the old economy, shed the confining
cocoon of confrontational labor/management economics and move forward with
dynamism?

The answer is "yes." It lies in the onsurging emergence of the new economy.

Did you know that the financial services industry in Alberta employs more people
than the oil and gas industry? Or that more people in Quebec now work in the
health and medical care industry than in the entire construction, textile,
clothing, furniture, auto, forestry and mining industries combined?

More people work in British Columbia's communication and telecommunications
industry than the whole forest industry. Canada's electronics industry is larger
than its pulp and paper industry. Canada's communications and telecommunications
industry is larger than its mining and petroleum industries combined.

The Canadian guru of the transformation from the old to the new economy is
Toronto-based Nuala Beck, principal of Nuala Beck & Associates Inc. She
identifies four engines of economic growth that are driving the North American
economy.

These industry clusters are: computers and semiconductors; instrumentation;
health and medical; and communications and telecommunications. She tracks the
dynamic impact of these industries.

In order to grasp the realities of the new economy, we have to shed some
established perceptions.

In the old economy, for example, economists noticed that freight car loadings
and alcoholic consumption were negatively correlated. This relationship has
evolved to the point where more economists are getting loaded than freightcars.

In the old economy, you could view as a passing phase your 17-year-old son lying
horizontal on the couch with his Walkman at force eight, listening to Van Halen,
while churning through 36 channels on the converter. Now you are concerned that
public education is not exposing him to the opportunities in the new economy.

In the old economy governments responded with survival compassion to
one-industry towns and sustained the economic life of dead companies at endless
taxpayer expense - Sysco in Sydney is the classic illustration.

The challenge for government now is to facilitate the transition from the old to
the new. This involves biting the bullet and burying the dead quickly, combined
with job retraining and relocation assistance.

Is the new economy recognized by the investment industry? You bet it is. Malcolm
McConachie, database editor for Mergers and Acquisitions in Canada, reports that
in 1991, the only industries that reflected strong mergers and acquisitions
action in a recessionary year were the computer programming and pharmaceutical
industries. At the same time, biotech stocks are the new wunderkind of the stock
market. Capital is flowing to the new economy.

The new economy is the one to put your money on and plan your career - not the
old. The new economy is our future.

The old economy draws the hand-wringing attention. Nuala Beck warns that the big
danger is that government policy may continue to be shaped by the old economy
and not the new.

With Bob White and the CAW having great influence over the incumbent government
in Ontario, it is clear that Ms Beck's warning is very relevant.

* Peter Campbell is a Toronto-based entrepreneur and special lecturer in
management at York University.


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              301 of 994 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2016 by the Tulane Law Review Association
                               Tulane Law Review

                                   May, 2016

                               Tulane Law Review

                               90 Tul. L. Rev. 29

LENGTH: 5342 words

ARTICLE: Intermediary Institutions and the Sharing Economy

NAME: John Infranca *

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law, Suffolk University Law School. I thank Erin
Braatz, Nestor Davidson, and Rashmi Dyal-Chand for comments and feedback on this
Response. All opinions and any errors are my own.

HIGHLIGHT: In Regulating Sharing: The Sharing Economy as an Alternative
Capitalist System, Professor Rashmi Dyal-Chand challenges the
assumption--implicit in the fast-growing legal literature on the "sharing
economy"--that companies in this sector operate in the manner of traditional
firms. Framing the sharing economy as a "nascent form of a coordinated market
economy," Dyal-Chand calls for regulation rooted in a deeper understanding of
the institutions--both the technological platforms most commonly associated with
the sharing economy (Uber, Airbnb, TaskRabbit, and their ilk) and a burgeoning
collection of more organic and democratic organizations--that shape this economy
.

   This short Response focuses on the potential of this second category of
institutions to achieve a more equitable distribution of the economic benefits
of the sharing economy. While I agree that much can be gained from a more
critical reflection on the nature of the institutions that shape the sharing
economy, I harbor skepticism regarding the current vitality and future potential
of these alternative institutions. I first explore how intermediary institutions
might strengthen the position of workers in the sharing economy. I then express
a few hesitations regarding the prospects of intermediary institutions to
adequately counterbalance the technological platforms that dominate the sharing
economy. Finally, I offer suggestions for how, by drawing on discussions of the
role of institutions in other areas of legal doctrine; an "institutional turn"
in thinking about the sharing economy might inform both legal scholarship and
regulation.

TEXT:
 [*30]  I. INTRODUCTION

   It has become a well-worn truism that little, if any, actual sharing occurs
in the "sharing economy." Uber drivers do not share the backseat of their cars
and transport people for free. Nor do Airbnb hosts open up their spare bedrooms
to strangers with no expectation of monetary compensation. Gratuitous sharing,
or even bartering for that matter, does not mark the exchange of goods and
services between buyers and sellers matched through these and other platforms.
Nonetheless, according to Professor Rashmi Dyal-Chand, an important form of
sharing undergirds this new sector of the economy, giving it a distinct form,
while in the process wielding the potential to restructure the relationships at
the core of traditional understandings of a capitalist economy.

   In Regulating Sharing: The Sharing Economy as an Alternative Capitalist
System, Dyal-Chand shifts the prevailing narrative of the sharing economy by
calling for a recognition of the distinct form of capitalism that she contends
this new economy represents. Framing the sharing economy as a "nascent form of a
coordinated market economy," of the type prevalent in certain European
countries, she calls for regulation rooted in a deeper understanding of the
institutions that shape this economy.  n1 It is through their participation in
these institutions--both the technological platforms most commonly associated
with the sharing economy (Uber, Airbnb, TaskRabbit, and their ilk) and a
burgeoning collection of more organic and democratic organizations--that
sharing-economy workers share the resources, infrastructure, and information
vital to their own economic activity. In this way, the sharing economy reflects,
albeit imperfectly, a version of a coordinated market economy.

   A better understanding of the nature and operation of these institutions,
Dyal-Chand argues, will yield improved policy responses and regulatory
approaches to the sharing economy. In coordinated market economies, such as
Germany's and France's, institutions such as labor unions and business
associations play a role in facilitating collaboration and monitoring and in
imposing sanctions in certain instances. The technological platforms of the
sharing economy, such as Uber, Airbnb, and TaskRabbit, play an analogous role.
These platforms provide key functions that, in their absence, would need to be
performed within an individual business. These include "the  [*31]  sharing of
critical business resources, the monitoring of network participants, and the
sanctioning of such participants."  n2 But as Dyal-Chand acknowledges, these
sharing networks are not precise equivalents of the institutions that shape a
coordinated market economy. Among other differences, there is a significant
power imbalance in the sharing economy between technological platforms and
individual workers. It is partly through the regulation of these institutions as
intermediaries that this power imbalance can be remedied.

   Regulating Sharing makes a number of important contributions to a
fast-growing legal literature confronting the regulatory questions posed by the
sharing economy. Legal scholars have begun to address emerging issues in the
fields of taxation,  n3 employment and labor law,  n4 and local government law
and policy.  n5 Dyal-Chand's article poses an important challenge to the
assumption implicit in this work that sharing-economy companies operate in the
manner of traditional firms. Unlike integrated firms, these companies frequently
do not own key assets or internalize core functions. Instead, the networks that
comprise the sharing economy are held together by a diverse set of both formal
and informal institutions. These include, in addition to the well-known
technological platforms that link sellers and buyers of good and services, a set
of less visible (and arguably less clearly defined) alternative institutions
through which resources and information are shared.

   In the discussion that follows, I focus on the potential of this second
category of institutions to achieve a more equitable distribution of the
economic benefits of the sharing economy. I agree that there is much to be
gained from more critical reflection on the nature of the institutions that
shape the sharing economy--both the technological  [*32]  platforms and the more
organic informal institutions developing among individual sharing-economy
workers. Nonetheless, I harbor some skepticism regarding the current vitality
and future potential of these alternative institutions and the extent to which
the sharing economy truly represents the distinct form of capitalism Dyal-Chand
describes, either in its current instantiation or in its likely permutations.

   In this short Response, I first explore how intermediary institutions might
strengthen the position of workers in the sharing economy. I then express a few
hesitations regarding the prospects of intermediary institutions to adequately
counterbalance the technological platforms that dominate the sharing economy.
Finally, I offer suggestions on how, by drawing on discussions of the role of
institutions in other areas of legal doctrine; an "institutional turn" in
thinking about the sharing economy might inform both legal scholarship and
regulation.

II. THROUGH INSTITUTIONS TO INDIVIDUAL WORKERS

   Questions of distribution are at the core of many critiques of the sharing
economy. Do platforms appropriate too much of the economic benefit of the
sharing economy at the expense of individual participants, such as Uber drivers?
According to Dyal-Chand, a Coasian understanding of sharing networks, such as
Uber, "may assume (and therefore promote) more power for the developer of the
Uber app than (at least some of) the participants in Uber's network originally
intended."  n6 This is a subtle, but immensely important, point. It implies that
even regulation purportedly concerned with protecting individual participants in
the sharing economy may unintentionally miss the opportunity to foster (or
simply enable) more systemic changes that would render sharing markets more
democratic.  n7 This observation gives rise to a policy prescription that the
Article returns to at a number of points: the need to foster more robust
nonplatform institutions that enable greater coordination and collaboration
among sharing-economy workers and that, ideally, serve to counterbalance the
technological platforms.

   How might this approach differ from focusing intervention directly on
workers? Consider in this regard a recent paper by Seth Harris and Alan Krueger.
Harris and Krueger suggest that the "online  [*33]  gig economy"--the segment of
the broader sharing economy through which workers are matched with customers for
the provision of personal tasks--has created new work relationships that "do not
fit easily into the existing legal definitions of 'employee' and 'independent
contractor' status."  n8 Although they do not invoke the "varieties of
capitalism" framework, Harris and Krueger's proposal echoes components of
Dyal-Chand's analysis.  n9

   Harris and Krueger propose a new legal category, which they term "independent
workers," for individuals who work with an intermediary that matches them to
customers. On their account, the relationship between these independent workers
and the intermediary has some elements of an arms-length relationship akin to an
independent contractor, as well as some attributes of a traditional
employer-employee relationship. While Harris and Krueger propose a new legal
category somewhere between the traditional classifications of "employee" and
"independent contractor," Dyal-Chand suggests that a qualitatively different
relationship exists. On her account, policy makers have ignored the true nature
of sharing-economy companies and the fact that individuals who provide goods and
services through the sharing economy--by renting rooms in their homes or the
backseats in their cars--are "microentrepreneurs operating tiny, often
part-time, businesses."  n10 This should not lead to a conclusion that Airbnb
and Uber have no responsibility to consumers or service providers, but rather it
is "reasonable to conclude that these companies should not have all the
responsibilities associated with our traditional understanding [of an
employer]."  n11

   At first blush, this sounds akin to the arguments sharing-economy platforms
frequently fall back upon to avoid unfavorable regulations: individual providers
of services are not employees and platforms merely facilitate exchanges and thus
bear few responsibilities to workers or customers. But there is a deeper point
here. To the extent that a more democratic sharing economy depends in part upon
efforts  [*34]  to confer greater power to individual participants through new
intermediary institutions, those institutions and the individual participants
must also assume greater responsibility. In some sense, this is a microcosm of
Dyal-Chand's broader argument: an institutional analysis of the sharing economy
calls for imposing regulations and responsibility at the level at which power is
wielded.  n12 This will be a context-sensitive analysis. And in some cases, it
will call for regulators--if they see sharing-economy workers as independent
businesses within a broader coordinated economy--to foster the development of
"additional sharing institutions that could better distribute power and
resources within the network."  n13

   For this to occur, sharing-economy companies will need to share power, and
responsibility, with the microentrepreneurs with whom they purport to be
collaborating.  n14 It is not clear, however, if and how such sharing will
occur. Sharing-economy companies do not seem particularly willing to relinquish
power, nor have regulators forced them to do so in any substantial way. Contrary
to the assertion that sharing-economy businesses "share information critical to
their market participation, rather than proprietarily leveraging it against each
other in a competition for market dominance,"  n15 all indications are that
platforms jealously guard their proprietary data in part due to the competitive
advantage it confers and in hopes of driving competitor platforms out of the
market. Uber, whose CEO "has been routinely described as a callous and ruthless
capitalist," provides a particularly vivid example of this.  n16

   Relatedly, the microentrepreneurs at the core of the sharing economy--Uber
drivers, Airbnb hosts, and TaskRabbit "taskers"--are not necessarily in a
position to demand greater power and responsibility. Many participants in this
economy do not see themselves as small business owners. Some may be attracted to
the platforms because, unlike a small business, the start-up costs are minimal.
They may drive for Uber for extra cash after work or rent their apartment out
when they are out of town to subsidize their rent.  [*35]  These individuals,
for whom sharing-economy participation supplements other income sources, thus
may not wish to invest the time in developing additional intermediary
institutions, a point I address in the next Part.

III. WHAT WILL THE FUTURE REALLY BRING?

   Dyal-Chand suggests that the "sharing economy is at a crossroads in its
development" and that it is likely to take one of two sharply divergent courses,
either leading to a "technology-based attenuation of the firm to the point where
employees are essentially eliminated from the firm's structure" or becoming a
robust mechanism "for redistributing resources, market participation, and
ultimately wealth to a broader range of individuals."  n17 I agree that
achieving the latter will depend upon a more robust role for new forms of
intermediary institutions. However, while I would welcome such developments,
there are a few reasons why I am less confident they will occur.

   First, at least in the ride-share space, sharing-economy firms are already
seeking to eliminate the need not just for individuals classified as employees,
but also for human beings in any capacity. Both Uber and Lyft are pursuing
efforts to develop autonomous cars that would eliminate the need for drivers.
n18 While this may be years or decades away, it suggests a future in which Uber
and Lyft internalize the provision of services and the requisite resources, in
the manner of a traditional Coasian firm.

   The picture is further complicated by the entry of traditional firms into the
sharing-economy space. General Motors recently announced an investment in Lyft
related to the development of a network of on-demand, self-driving cars and
short-term car-rental hubs.  n19 More broadly, existing corporations are seeking
to alter their business models in response to what the sharing economy reveals
about changing consumer preferences and to make use of underutilized assets.
n20 Admittedly, varieties of capitalism theory has  [*36]  embraced the view
that "businesses and institutions within one form of a national economy can
adopt features of the other."  n21 However, these larger trends provide reasons
to question whether the coordinated market economy Dyal-Chand describes will
coexist with a liberal market economy or whether the latter will subsume the
sharing economy, with platforms looking and operating increasingly like
traditional firms.

   Second, the presence and significance of informal associations within the
sharing economy, which supplement the technological platforms, may be
overstated. Dyal-Chand identifies how Uber drivers, Airbnb hosts, and taskers
share information and resources through alternative websites, Facebook pages,
and other online forums.  n22 Yet to date there is no evidence that these forums
have provided any robust counterbalance to the platforms. Moreover, while it is
interesting to consider whether the forums--in the Airbnb context, for
example--might develop into a "system for establishing basic standards of
hosting conduct, as well as a forum for developing expectations about safety,
quality, and other critical features of property rental,"  n23 it is not evident
how either consumers or regulators would benefit from such a development. Is it
certain that a network of Airbnb hosts would ensure better or more trustworthy
standards than are currently achieved through the rating of hosts by guests on
the Airbnb platform?  n24 How would a regulator choose among rival forums and
identify the true "voice" of Airbnb hosts within a given jurisdiction?

    [*37]  More promising is the suggestion that regulators might become aware
of such forums and enlist their members to develop advisory boards tasked with
helping shape new regulations. While this is likely to enhance democratic
deliberation over new standards, it is not clear that such a role would itself
lead to the creation of a dynamic intermediary akin to those in a coordinated
market economy. Much of the sharing that has occurred to date among sharing-
economy participants outside the platforms themselves is simply the sharing of
information, such as discussions of tax law and employment status among Uber
drivers.  n25 Admittedly, however, there is reason to believe that sharing the
challenges of working as microentrepreneurs, personally responsible for
compliance with complicated tax laws, will eventually give rise to efforts among
forum participants to mobilize and challenge unfavorable Uber policies or to
lobby for regulations more favorable not just to the operation of Uber
generally, but also to individual Uber drivers.  n26

   Moreover, Uber's very recent settlement of two major class-action
lawsuits--in which drivers challenged their classification as independent
contractors, rather than employees--may open door to a more formal and robust
role for such intermediaries.  n27 Drivers in the two states where the
litigation arose, California and Massachusetts, will remain classified as
independent contractors, but in addition to a financial settlement, Uber made
concessions that include helping to create and fund new "drivers associations."
These associations will meet quarterly with Uber to discuss issues of concern to
drivers.  n28 In  [*38]  addition, an Uber press release announcing the
settlement revealed that the company has been piloting an appeals process for
deactivated drivers that includes a peer-review component through which other
drivers hear appeals from termination decisions.  n29 These developments reflect
to some degree Dyal-Chand's suggestion that intermediary institutions might play
a more significant role in establishing (or in the case of a review panel,
enforcing) basic standards and expectations regarding conduct.

   Third, to the extent that sharing platforms are truly operating as
intermediaries between consumers and providers who exercise independent control
over important aspects of the service they provide, Dyal-Chand calls for
regulators to develop extra protections that will enable ride-share drivers and
their ilk "to operate as independent microbusinesses."  n30 She suggests that
regulatory support for small businesses--in the form of tax incentives, special
forms of business entities, and preferences for such businesses in government
contracting--might provide a useful model. There are reasons for caution here,
however. First, it is not clear that Uber drivers and Airbnb hosts see
themselves as microbusinesses and wish to assume the responsibilities that such
a status would entail.  n31 Dyal-Chand acknowledges key differences, noting that
unlike the traditional American image of an entrepreneur that "leverag[es] her
business and personal assets as a means of developing new products or services,"
those who sell goods and services via sharing platforms rely on those platforms
to share the provision of key business functions, reducing start-up costs and
making it easier to compete against established  [*39]  incumbents.  n32
Implicit in this assessment, however, is a conception of sharing-economy
microbusinesses as less risky endeavors than traditional small-business
start-ups. Given this lower risk, coupled with the fact that sharing-economy
microbusinesses--such as driving full-time for Uber or renting out property on
Airbnb--are much less likely than traditional small businesses to generate new
jobs or provide significant innovation, it is not as clear that the
justifications that drive government support for small businesses apply with
equal force to these microbusinesses. Nor is it evident that there would be
sufficient political will. This may simply call for developing a more robust
narrative that, building on Dyal-Chand's work, makes a strong case for how, amid
a rapid change in the nature of the economy generally, support for these new
forms of even smaller small businesses is called for.

IV. AN INSTITUTIONAL TURN?

   This discussion of intermediary institutions within the sharing economy and
their potential role in fostering greater protections for individual
participants bears an intriguing semblance to a recent turn in First Amendment
scholarship towards greater recognition of the role of what have been termed
"First Amendment institutions." Scholars including Paul Horwitz, Fred Schauer,
and Richard Garnett, among others, have emphasized the need for careful
reflection on the distinct institutions through which individuals exercise First
Amendment rights, the concomitant need to give effect to these distinctions in
legal doctrine, the potential of these institutions for self-regulation, and the
"infrastructural" role these institutions play in fostering and creating
opportunities for the exercise of certain rights.  n33

   This institutional turn in First Amendment scholarship bears interesting
similarities to Dyal-Chand's call for regulation better attuned to the distinct
attributes of the diverse intermediary institutions that shape the sharing
economy. Both suggest the need for a more contextually sensitive approach to
regulation. There is also an intriguing parallel between the contention that
intermediary institutions are necessary for the exercise of individual First
[*40]  Amendment rights and the argument that absent careful attention to (and
perhaps government support for) intermediary institutions, individual workers
are unlikely to be adequately protected in a burgeoning sharing economy in which
technological platforms wield outsized power.  n34 First Amendment institutions
provide not only a space within which rights are exercised, but also resources
that enable this exercise. Sharing-economy institutions can provide more
tangible resources that are equally critical for microbusinesses to flourish.

   In both cases, the intermediary institutions mediate the government's role as
regulator and serve as a vehicle for democratic deliberation and participation.
Rather than leading to complete dependence on self-regulation by institutions,
an institutional turn can instead inform a movement towards a more "bottom-up"
development of law. As Horwitz notes, drawing on the concept of "new
governance," this can lead to "a more collaborative model, in which institutions
with a stake in particular legal and social problems partner with regulators to
come up with solutions."  n35 This sounds akin to Dyal-Chand's call to draw on
self-regulation and informal contracting within sharing networks as "the basis
for setting an industry standard that is acceptable to regulators and
consumers."  n36

   My point here is simply to note that a focus on the institutions that
structure the sharing economy has parallels in other areas of legal doctrine and
to suggest that the institutional turn in other areas of scholarship may yield
additional insights for thinking about sharing-economy institutions and
creatively regulating them in a way that allows this sector to flourish on its
own terms.

   Two potential implications come to mind. First, if institutions are to play a
significant role in the regulation of the sharing economy, one must then ask
whether a particular level of government is best suited to regulate and
collaborate with these sharing-economy institutions. If these intermediary
institutions take the form of more organic organizations of individual workers
and if greater attention to such institutions reveals the need for more
context-specific and bottom-up regulation, then there is significant reason to
think that local  [*41]  governments would be the most appropriate regulators.
n37 Second, upon reading Dyal-Chand's piece and reflecting on the broader legal
literature on the sharing economy, I am compelled to wonder whether discussions
of the sharing economy focus too much attention on Uber and Airbnb. As the
dominant companies in this space in terms of market share and public perception,
they have shaped how we look at and understand this economy and the platforms
that dominate it. Both Dyal-Chand's article and my own Response expend
considerable time discussing their structure and operation. Yet in many ways,
they are the sharing-economy companies, especially in the case of Uber, most
like traditional firms, a point that Dyal-Chand convincingly makes.  n38 Perhaps
greater attention to the institutions of the sharing economy will not only lead
to a clearer understanding of the nature of this economic sector, but also will
foster substantive changes and the development of new manifestations of the
sharing economy. This might lead to a future in which sharing-economy platforms
truly act as intermediaries, rather than as the loci of power within whatever
economic transactions they are facilitating.  n39

V. CONCLUSION

   Professor Dyal-Chand's article complicates the prevailing understanding of
the sharing economy and pushes regulators to critically consider the nature of
the varied institutions at its core. Despite my skepticism regarding the
presence and vitality of alternative intermediary institutions, I agree that
they offer the most promising mechanism for adjusting the distribution of power
within the sharing economy and providing workers with the resources necessary to
develop thriving microbusinesses. While more work needs to be done on
articulating government policies that would adequately support these
institutions and enable them to play this role,  [*42]  Dyal-Chand's excellent
article makes a convincing case for the value of an institutional turn in our
thinking about the sharing economy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureClass ActionsCompromisesInsurance LawMotor Vehicle
InsuranceObligationsSettlementsReal Property LawLandlord & TenantRent
RegulationGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Rashmi Dyal-Chand, Regulating Sharing: The Sharing Economy as an Alternative
Capitalist System, 90 TUL. L. REV. 241, 241 (2015).





n2  Id. at 281.





n3  See Shu-Yi Oei & Diane M. Ring, Can Sharing Be Taxed?, 93 WASH. U. L. REV.
(forthcoming 2016); Jordan M. Barry & Paul L. Caron, Tax Regulation,
Transportation Innovation, and the Sharing Economy, 82 U. CHI. L. REV. DIALOGUE
69 (2015),
https://lawreview.uchicago.edu/sites/lawreview.uchicago.edu/files/uploads/Dialog
ue/Barry_Caron_Dialogue.pdf.





n4  See Brishen Rogers, The Social Costs of Uber, 82 U. CHI. L. REV. DIALOGUE 85
(2015),
https://lawreview.uchicago.edu/sites/lawreview.uchicago.edu/files/uploads/Dialog
ue/Rogers_Dialogue.pdf.





n5  See Nestor M. Davidson & John J. Infranca, The Sharing Economy as an Urban
Phenomenon, 34 YALE L. & POL'Y REV. (forthcoming 2016); Stephen R. Miller, First
Principles for Regulating the Sharing Economy, 53 HARV. J. ON LEGIS. 147 (2016);
Daniel E. Rauch & David Schleicher, Like Uber, but for Local Government Law: The
Future of Local Regulation of the Sharing Economy, 76 OHIO ST. L.J. 901 (2015).





n6  Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 270-71.





n7  Dyal-Chand succinctly frames the challenge: "The regulatory tendency toward
hierarchy and formality may well be operating to suppress organic efforts to
develop alternative distributional structures." Id. at 271.





n8  Seth D. Harris & Alan B. Krueger, A Proposal for Modernizing Labor Laws for
Twenty-First-Century Work: The "Independent Worker," HAMILTON PROJECT 2 (Dec.
2015),
http://www.hamiltonproject.org/assets/files/modernizing_labor_laws_for_twenty_fi
rst_century_work_krueger_harris.pdf. This definition excludes Airbnb, as well as
intermediaries that facilitate the sale of goods.





n9  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 274 ("The behavior of market participants
in the sharing economy is so qualitatively different that it does not
comfortably fit the rules of American capitalism.").





n10  Id. at 246.





n11  Id. at 265.





n12  Id. at 295 (suggesting that decisions on who should ensure customer safety
may be answered differently based upon the "power balance within the network").





n13  Id. at 288.





n14  Id. at 292-93.





n15  Id. at 248-49.





n16  Max Chafkin, What Makes Uber Run, FAST COMPANY (Sept. 8, 2015, 6:30 AM),
http://www.fastcompany.com/3050250/what-makes-uber-run (quoting an entrepreneur
who "has suggested that everyone in the tech industry is 'worried about the
sheer expression of capitalistic force that the company represents'").





n17  Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 292.





n18  See Mike Isaac, General Motors, Gazing at Future, Invests $ 500 Million in
Lyft, N.Y. TIMES (Jan. 4, 2016),
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/05/technology/gm-invests-inlyft.html?_r=0; Mike
Ramsey & Douglas MacMillan, Carnegie Mellon Reels After Uber Lures Away
Researchers, WALL STREET J. (May 31, 2015, 11:03 AM),
http://www.wsj.com/articles/is-uber-a-friend-or-foe-of-carnegie-mellon-in-roboti
cs-1433084582.





n19  Isaac, supra note 18.





n20  A recent report by PricewaterhouseCoopers suggests ways that incumbent
corporations can respond to the sharing economy. See The Sharing Economy, PWC
(2015),
https://www.pwc.com/us/en/technology/publications/assets/pwc-consumer-intelligen
ce-series-the-sharing-economy.pdf.





n21  Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 278.





n22  See id. at 282 ("Moreover, in a number of these networks, the technological
platform is supplemented by additional, informal associations in which Uber
drivers, Airbnb hosts, and TaskRabbit taskers can exchange information using
Facebook pages and alternative websites."); see also id. at 289 (discussing the
use of a Facebook page by taskers for a discussion regarding the terms of
service).





n23  Id. at 298.





n24  There is also the possibility that more robust nonplatform intermediaries
will advocate for worthwhile reforms to existing ratings systems. For example,
Seattle's App-Based Drivers Association (ABDA), which effectively pushed for a
local ordinance allowing ride-share drivers to form unions, seeks to revise
Uber's "flawed rating system," which it contends unfairly punishes drivers.
Issues, APP-BASED DRIVERS ASS'N, http://www.abdaseattle.org/issues (last visited
Apr. 20, 2016) ("[Drivers] can be permanently deactivated if [their ratings]
fall below a 4.4. . . . Customers, on the other hand, can continue to request
rides from Uber even if their rating is below 2, and drivers must pick them up
or else run the risk of deactivation."); see Nick Wingfield & Mike Isaac,
Seattle Will Allow Uber and Lyft Drivers To Form Unions, N.Y. TIMES (Dec. 14,
2015),
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/15/technology/seattle-clears-the-way-for-uber-dri
vers-to-form-a-union.html.





n25  In a forthcoming article, Shu-Yi Oei and Diane Ring examine how Uber
drivers use online forums, including Reddit and UberPeople.net, to learn from
one another about tax laws and to seek answers to specific questions. See Shu-Yi
Oei & Diane M. Ring, The Tax Lives of Uber Drivers: Evidence from Internet
Discussion Forums (Bos. Coll. Law Sch. Legal Studies Research Paper Series,
Research Paper No. 391, 2016).





n26  For example, the Alliance for Neighborhood Prosperity, a group of
short-term rental hosts in New Orleans, provides paying members with, among
other services, access to databases of approved professionals, use of a
membership seal on rental listings, and "peer to peer best practices
consultation." ALLIANCE FOR NEIGHBORHOOD PROSPERITY, http://alliancenola.org/
(last visited Apr. 20, 2016). In addition to providing access to shared
resources and collaborative information, the group advocates new regulations to
avoid problems they attribute in part to antiquated and poorly enforced existing
regulations. Robert McClendon, The Answer to Short-Term Rental Problems Is To
Legalize and Regulate, Group Says, NOLA.COM,
http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2014/06/the_answer_to_short-term_renta.ht
ml (last updated June 4, 2014, 2:44 AM).





n27  See Mike Isaac & Noam Scheiber, Uber Settles Cases with Concessions, but
Drivers Stay Freelancers, N.Y. TIMES (Apr. 21, 2016),
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/technology/uber-settles-cases-with-concessions
-but-drivers-stay-freelancers.html.





n28  Travis Kalanick, Growing and Growing Up, UBER (Apr. 21, 2016),
https://newsroom.uber.com/growing-and-growing-up/ (last visited May 4, 2016). A
press release from the law firm representing the Uber drivers provides some
additional detail on these associations: "The formation of the driver
association--while not an officially recognized union--can play a role similar
to a union, to bring drivers' grievances and concerns to Uber management, who
will meet with the association's leaders on a quarterly basis to engage in good
faith discussions about issues of concerns to drivers." Shannon Liss-Riordan &
Adelaide Pagano, Breaking News--Uber Will Pay $ 100 Million To Settle
Independent Contractor Misclassification Claims, UBERLAWSUIT.COM,
http://uberlawsuit.com/Breaking%20news%20-%20Uber%20will%20pay%20$
100%20million%20to%20settle%20independent%20contractor%20misclassification%20cla
ims.pdf (last visited May 4, 2016).





n29  Kalanick, supra note 28. According to a press release from the plaintiffs'
attorneys, pursuant to the settlement, "Uber will institute appeal panels (made
up of highly rated drivers) so that drivers who believe they have been unjustly
terminated may bring their concerns to a panel of their peers." Liss-Riordan &
Pagano, supra note 28.





n30  Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 294.





n31  Ring and Oei note that many of the Uber drivers who participate in online
discussion forums, when discussing the microbusiness nature of being an Uber
driver, stated that this is not their traditional image of themselves. See Oei &
Ring, supra note 25, at 40-42 (noting that forum users expressed various
preferences for being classified as either "independent contractors" or
"employees").





n32  Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 253.





n33  See, e.g., PAUL HORWITZ, FIRST AMENDMENT INSTITUTIONS (2012); Frederick
Schauer, Comment, Principles, Institutions, and the First Amendment, 112 HARV.
L. REV. 84 (1998); Richard W. Garnett, The Freedom of the Church: (Toward) An
Exposition, Translation, and Defense, in THE RISE OF CORPORATE RELIGIOUS LIBERTY
39, 45-46 (Micah Schwartzman et al. eds., 2016).





n34  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 274 ("Meanwhile, examples from other
places in the world reveal that this qualitatively different kind of capitalist
behavior can lead to tremendous success and wealth if the market participants
have the right legal and institutional infrastructure to support and regulate
them.").





n35  HORWITZ, supra note 33, at 73.





n36  Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 291.





n37  In a forthcoming piece, Nestor Davidson and I explore more generally the
benefits of a distributed regulation of the sharing economy. See Davidson &
Infranca, supra note 5 (manuscript at 27-33) (on file with author).





n38  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 1, at 301-02.





n39  See Sarah Kessler, The "Sharing Economy" Is Dead, and We Killed It, FAST
COMPANY (Sept. 14, 2015, 6:06 AM),
http://www.fastcompany.com/3050775/the-sharing-economy-is-dead-and-we-killed-it
(discussing MyNeighbor, a platform for renting and borrowing items and services
from neighbors). MyNeighbor currently does not charge for the service of linking
service providers with customers. See Frequently Asked Questions, MYNEIGHBOR,
https://myneighbor.com/faqs/ (select the "What does it cost to use MyNeighbor?"
hyperlink) (last visited Apr. 20, 2016).


                              302 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Oliver Mangan: Global economy set to struggle for real growth

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 645 words


Recent reports from both the OECD and IMF have seen a downgrade of forecasts for
this year and next.

The OECD notes that eight years after the financial crisis, global activity
remains disappointingly weak, with the world economy seemingly caught in a low
growth trap.

World growth was 3.1% in 2015, the weakest rate since the end of the economic
crisis of 2008-2009, reflecting slower growth in emerging economies in
particular.

The OECD is forecasting that global growth will slow even further this year to
2.9% and pick up only marginally to 3.2% in 2017.

There has been a marked slowing in growth in some of the main advanced economies
this year. Last week s report from the IMF estimates that growth in advanced
economies will decelerate to 1.6% this year from 2.1% in 2015, and pick up only
slightly to 1.8% in 2017.

Most notably, US growth slowed sharply in the opening half of 2016 due to weak
business investment, a poor external trade performance and less inventory
building. However, the US economy appears to have regained some momentum in the
second half of the year.

Meantime, growth in both the eurozone and UK economies has also moderated this
year, while the expansion in Japan remains anaemic, with GDP expanding by around
0.5%. Growth in emerging economies lost considerable momentum so far in this
decade.

It is estimated by the IMF at 4% for 2015, down from 4.7% in 2014 and 5% in
2013. This compares with a growth rate by these economies of 7.5% back in 2010.
Most notably, GDP growth in China slowed from 10.4% in 2010 to 6.9% in 2015.

Emerging economies have had to deal with many challenges including adjusting to
a protracted period of weak commodity prices, as well as very weak growth in
international trade.

This has seen the likes of Brazil and Russia going into recession. The IMF sees
growth in emerging economies picking up slightly to 4.2% in 2016 and 4.6% in
2017, helped by the modest recovery in commodity prices this year and economies
such as Brazil and Russia coming out of deep recession.

However, downside risks remain for the world economy. The Global Composite PMI
has dropped to below 52 in the past few months, its lowest level in over three
years.

In particular, the still low level of commodity prices, weak international
trade, high private sector debt levels, a need for sizeable fiscal tightening in
some countries and reliance on capital inflows are all downside risks to the
recovery prospects for emerging economies.

Meanwhile, the Brexit vote in the UK has cast a further shadow over the global
economy and heralded in a period of political, economic and currency
uncertainty. The UK s trading relations with the EU are now under a cloud.

A deceleration in the growth rate of the UK economy is expected over the next
couple of years. The IMF sees UK GDP expanding by 1.1% in 2017, with the OECD
forecasting 1% growth, down from well above 2% in recent years.

The recovery in the world economy has lost momentum in 2015 and 2016, reflecting
slower growth in both emerging and advanced economies.

Central banks have been busy loosening policy to try and lift both weak world
growth and very low inflation. As the OECD points out, though, it is largely
adverse supply-side factors that are holding back the world economy right now,
with weakness in world trade, investment, and productivity all contributing to
low growth.

Global growth may strengthen somewhat in 2017 but until these supply-side
factors are overcome, the performance of the world economy will remain sub-par
and downside risks will persist.

The IMF warns that continuing weak growth, particularly in advanced economies,
could further fuel populist calls for restrictions on trade and immigration.

It argues that such restrictions would hamper productivity and innovation, and
damage the prospects for a return to stronger global growth.

Oliver Mangan, chief economist, AIB.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

The black money

LENGTH: 1092 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, March 15 -- Nepal was ranked as having the 64th largest underground
economy of 162 countries and the second largest in South Asia after Sri Lanka

The recent unofficial Indian blockade in Nepal had a debilitating effect on the
economy already crippled by poor growth in manufacturing and agricultural
sectors, high inflation, never-ending blackout and low infrastructure
investment. There was tremendous growth in illegal trade not only in border
towns, but also in urban areas where demand for vital goods tend to be
relatively high.

Consequently, an upsurge in underground economy becomes apparent more than ever,
as is evident in the unbridled rise in inflation; increased cost of production;
and poor supply of necessities. The underground economy includes not only
illegal activities, but also the legal ones that are untraceable and hence not
taxable, and are not reflected in the country's accounting systems.

Normally, the size of the underground economy is much higher in developing
countries compared to developed countries. Research shows that during the early
1990s the size of the shadow economy was between 35 to 44 percent of GDP in
developing countries, whereas the same for transition and OECD countries was
between 21 to 30 percent and 14 to 16 percent, respectively.

One of the important effects of the underground economy is the loss of
government revenue, primarily due to tax evasion arising from unrecorded trade
and business transactions. The revenue growth of Nepal in the past two decades
exhibits shows a growing share of underground economy. For example, the average
growth of all major taxes except excise duties declined after 2000/01.There was
a surge in revenue growth following the introduction of voluntary disclosure of
income in 2008/09. However, after that revenue growth has been stagnant and in
recent months, it has even started to decrease.

The new estimates for 162 countries carried out between 1999 and 2007 and
published in the World Bank Policy Research Working Paper finds that the
weighted average size of shadow economy was about 37 percent of official GDP of
Nepal. Nepal was ranked as having the 64th largest underground economy of 162
countries in the world and the second largest in South Asia (after Sri Lanka at
44 percent). Surprisingly, the study showed that the Indian economy's share was
only 22 percent during the same period.

However, Arun Kumar, author of the famous book Black Money in India argues that
the black economy in India is as big as almost US$ 500 billion-almost half the
size of official economy. It would therefore not be illogical to assume that the
size of the shadow economy of Nepal, which shares a 1,850km open border with
India, must have also increased at a similar clip.

I led a research-carried out under the University Grants Commission Grant and
published in the Economic Journal of Development Issues-to confirm whether the
shadow economy in Nepal had grown. The popular Currency Demand Method was
employed using time series data from 1985 to 2012. The study shows that the
growth rate of illegal money (IM) has mostly been higher than the Legal Money
(LM), confirming that the underground economy growing in Nepal, notwithstanding
the multiple reform measures introduced during the period. The average growth of
underground economy was 19 percent between 1991 and 2000. It stabilized at 17
percent between 2001 and 2010, but increased at the rate of 32 percent in
2011/12.

The political stability between 2001 and 2010 after the end of the Maoist war
may be partly attributed to the anti-corruption campaign in Nepal that has
intensified since 2000. This may be due to a proactive CIAA, plus increasing
awareness of corruption-related issues among the people, and pressure from
civic-minded factions of Nepali society and donor community. The Royal
Commission for Corruption Control (RCCC) also had some role as it took action
against several high profile politicians and bureaucrats. Furthermore, the end
of the decade-long Maoist rebellion might also have slowed down the pace of
illegal transactions (earlier used by Maoist rebels to mobilize recruits and for
trade in ammunitions).

There may be several reasons for the upsurge in underground economy in the last
two years of the study period. First, studies on black economy of India put it
at between 50 to 70 percent of GDP. As mentioned earlier, it is not surprising
for Nepal, which shares a long border with India, to have such a similarly large
underground economy. Second, stagnant growth of tax revenue, most importantly
income taxes and custom duties, in the last few years further proves that there
has been massive tax evasion since revenue growth has not kept pace with
increasing imports.

Finally, the growth in government corruption, the prevalence of a predominantly
cash economy, open border with India, and poor regulation of trade and financial
sector might have supported the growth of the black economy in Nepal. The recent
supplies blockade has no doubt skewed the incentives for unscrupulous traders to
do more transactions off the official radar. This effect of the blockade is
going to linger for years even if the market supplies fully normalize in the
days ahead.

Often politicians and even high-level responsible officers encourage underground
economy. Without timely action against them, there is incentive for others to
join the herd and earn money illegally and quickly, incurring a huge cost to the
exchequer. The proposed Anti-Money Laundering Act in its full-fledged form has a
provision to increase the scrutiny of financial position of politically exposed
persons (PEPs), which is in line with the Financial Action Task Force's (FATF)
revised recommendation in 2012.

Apart from this legal course, provisions such as efficient and effective labor
market regulation, cutting down on taxes and red tape for the formal sector, and
punishment and reward system in public service could help further minimize the
size of the underground economy. Furthermore, better social security system and
protection of taxpayers would discourage them from relying on the informal
economy. Improving the quality and quantity of public goods and services will
also help.

The severe economic blow due to the blockade is also an opportunity to clamp
down on the underground economy and boost everyone's welfare.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

On the edge: Transition from frontier to emerging markets

LENGTH: 778  words


As the growth of emerging markets slows down, the new focus is on frontier
economies in Asia and beyond.

Frontier economies are defined as the group of low-income countries having
experienced rapid growth and fairly stable macroeconomic fundamentals over a
period of time. Although countries categorised under this category are somewhat
loosely defined but 'Frontier Asia' as defined by IMF includes 12 economies:
Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, Lao P.D.R, Maldives, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal,
Papua New Guinea, Sri Lanka, Timor-Leste and Vietnam.

A special sub-group of frontier economies are also classified as 'frontier
markets' a term coined by International Finance Corporation's Farida Khambata in
1992. A number of financial market indexes also include frontier markets a case
in point being the MSCI which has even added Pakistan to its group of frontier
markets. Investors find these markets attractive for investment since they have
long-run potential and low correlations with other markets. Some frontier
economies in Asia with improved macroeconomic fundamentals have allowed them to
issue sovereign bonds and attract increased portfolio inflows.

How countries in Asia fall under 'frontier markets'

What have these countries achieved to obtain the 'frontier market' status?

Frontier Asia is a region where a population of 350 million resides. These
countries are low-income commodity-rich countries that have in the past
benefited from high commodity prices.

Three features of these countries stand out that warrant them to be categorised
under 'frontier' status. Firstly, these countries have experienced rising
economies and have already surpassed GDP per capita relative to one of the
biggest economies of the region, India ($1,600). This is true of economies like
Sri Lanka ($3,557), Mongolia ($4,095) and Vietnam ($2,052). Secondly, these
countries have benefited from favorable demographics, with a rising section of
young people who would enter the workforce. Moreover, these economies have
rising middle class consumers presently and in the future.

This has been reiterated by senior economist Juliana Lee at the Deutsche Bank
who points that as advanced economies are burdened by high levels of debt and
financial market uncertainties, frontier economies in Asia are relatively
unburdened by debt and are aided by favorable demographics and rising incomes.

Thirdly, some of these economies have been able to tap global capital markets
with sovereign bonds. In fact, these frontier markets are now categorised as a
new asset class and are included in global investment indices.

Can Frontier Asia become Emerging Economies?

This region has been performing relatively well even in times where countries
have been hit by major economic upheavals across the globe be it the 2007
financial crisis or the current stock market crisis in China and associated
losses in other emerging markets.

An important question arises at this point: can countries in Frontier Asia
become the new generation of emerging market economies?

To answer this and to generally highlight the importance of this region led the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) to recently publish a book on frontier
economies in Asia. The book draws on cross country analysis and experience from
emerging market economies and provides recommendations for academics,
policymakers and think tanks alike. It also gives policy advice on achieving
structural reforms, inclusive growth and financial deepening for sustained long
term growth.

Although the level of integration of frontier economies is not as much as that
of emerging markets or advanced economies, as they achieve higher growth and
become more interconnected the more they would be exposed to vulnerabilities in
world markets.

These economies need to make external and fiscal buffers and pursue structural
reforms. Economic experts have also pointed that reduced financial risk through
strengthening financial sector regulation is a strong driver of growth in Asian
economies. Frontier economies also need to upgrade their monetary and fiscal
policy frameworks for sustained growth.

Last but not the least, Pakistan, currently under an IMF programme, can take a
lead from recent research and macroeconomic experience of countries categorised
under Frontier Asia to further strengthen its economy and improve the living
standards of their populace.

The writer is an economist and ex-central banker

Published in The Express Tribune, September 21st, 2015.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

The post On the edge: Transition from frontier to emerging markets appeared
first on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

Digital economy panel braced for impact of reshuffle

LENGTH: 546  words


The development of the digital economy could expect a severe impact from the
cabinet reshuffle with key economic ministers in the ad hoc digital economy
committee set to be replaced.

An overhaul of major telecommunications infrastructure development projects
under the digital economy policy might be considered under the new cabinet.

The development projects -- including the construction of a national broadband
network, the creation of national data centres and the implementation of a
series of draft digital economy bills -- might be delayed, said a director of
the national digital economy committee.

The ad hoc national digital economy committee, chaired by Prime Minister Prayut
Chan-o-cha, has 13 members including Deputy Prime Minister MR Pridiyathorn
Devakula and ICT Minister Pornchai Rujiprapa, who are tipped to go in the
reshuffle.

"Almost all directors of the committee are being replaced by new ministers,
while the five honorary directors are preparing to step down soon," said the
source who asked not to be named.

Somkid Jatusripitak, former Finance Minister in Thaksin Shinawatra's
administration, is tipped to replace MR Pridiyathorn, who serves as
vice-chairman of the ad hoc national digital economy panel.

Mr Pornchai, meanwhile, is likely to be replaced by Uttama Savanayana, president
of Bangkok University.

"A number of new economic ministers led by Mr Somkid are expected to take seats
in the committee. Some details of the digital economy policy, initiated by MR
Pridiyathorn and his team, can expect to be revised," the source said.

The draft action plan for the development of the digital economy consists of
five pillars: hard infrastructure, soft infrastructure, service infrastructure,
digital economy promotion and digital society.

The plan also includes the implementation of eight draft laws, including the law
on renaming and restructuring the ICT Ministry as the Digital Economy and
Society Ministry and another bill on the creation of the national digital
economy committee.

Mr Pornchai confirmed yesterday that he acknowledged that he would be replaced
in the reshuffle.

However, Mr Pornchai said he believed that the policy roadmap for the digital
economy would not be affected as the new ministers would have to proceed with
the government's policy.

"Personally, I believe that the transformation of the ICT Ministry and other
major missions will continue as normal," he said.

Mr Pornchai also said the reshuffle would not affect the imminent 4G spectrum
auctions planned by the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission
(NBTC).

Sittichai Pokaiya-udom, an honorary director of the ad hoc national digital
economy committee, said he and some directors planned to step down from their
positions as is normal practice when the leader was replaced.

"I personally have no idea what and how the details of the digital economy
project will be affected by the change," he said.

NBTC secretary-general Takorn Tantasith said the regulator would proceed with
the planned 4G auctions as scheduled because it has been formally approved by
the cabinet and the ad hoc digital economy committee.

"The reshuffle of the ad hoc national digital economy committee in the near
future will not affect the schedule of the 4G spectrum auctions," said Mr
Takorn.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Examining the effect of govt output on GDP

BYLINE: Dr. Luis F. Dumlao

LENGTH: 948  words


ON November 26, as the scheduled reporting of the nationalincome accounts
approached, most economists forecasted the Philippine economy to have slowed
down in the third quarter, relative to the second. They projected thirdquarter
growth to be slightly lower than the 6.4percent expansion in the second quarter
and to miss the government's target of 6.5 percent to 7.5 percent. The common
explanation given was government underspending and the contraction of the
agricultural sector.

As to the government's diminished share in gross domestic product (GDP) growth,
most economists turned out to be right. The output contributed by the public
sector contracted by 2.9 percent as the economy slowed down much more than
anticipated. The economy grew at only 5.3 percent, the slowest since the fourth
quarter of 2011. While it is right to attribute the economic slowdown to the
government's reduced output, some clarifications need to be made.

First, it is not government spending or output, per se, that causes the economy
to accelerate. Yes, government output contracted in the third quarter, and this
coincided with the economy's slowest growth in almost three years. But
government output also shrank in the fourth quarter of 2013, and this occurred
alongside an economic expansion of 6.3 percent. Similarly, government spending
slowed in the fourth quarter of 2010, but this happened when the economy grew by
6.1 percent. Of course, there are other factors that caused the economy to grow
faster, despite a reduction in government spending. After all, the public
sector's contribution to the nation's output is only about 4 percent. While that
figure is an important contribution, the effect of the government's output on
economic growth seems subtler than one might expect.

In our July 11 column, the trend path of the economy was discussed. In layman's
terms, the trend path is the normal growth of the economy. The updated trend
path of the economy is about 5.6 percent. For the past 10 years the economy grew
faster or slower than the average of 5.6 percent. If all agents in the economy
show up for work every day without changing their routine, the economy will grow
by the normal 5.6 percent.

Similarly, government spending also has its normal trend path. In the past
decade this growth path was about 3.4 percent. If all government employees just
show up for work every day without changing their routine, publicsector spending
will expand at the normal rate of 3.4 percent.

If GDP grows higher than 5.6 percent, deviating from its normal mean, something
that was beyond ordinary must have happened to the economy. This is probably due
to what economists refer to as "technological progress", a topic outside the
scope of this article. But this beyondordinary expansion can also occur because
of the improved governance of the economy. It can also materialize because
government output increased by more than the normal 3.4 percent. But if the
economy's expansion is slower than 5.6 percent, then the economy must have been
hit by an external factor. It could be because of a natural catastrophe, a
negative technological shock or a global financial crisis. It could also be
because of bad economic management or government output sliding below the normal
3.4 percent. To reiterate, it is not government output or spending, per se, that
causes the economy to accelerate. Rather, it is government output expanding
faster than the normal 3.4 percent that causes the economy to grow above the
trend path of 5.6 percent.

Second, it is important to highlight that it is not government output growing by
more than 3.4 percent in a given quarter that causes the economy to grow higher
(or lower) than the trend path of 5.6 percent in that same quarter. If one
obtains the data on the quarterly (yearonyear) growth rates of GDP and
government services from 2010 to the present from the Philippine Statistical
Authority, deduct the trend path growth of 5.6 percent and 3.4 percent,
respectively, from both and plot these numbers in a timeseries line graph, he or
she would discover that the lines are only slightly correlated.

However, if one juxtaposes the growth of government services with the lagged GDP
growth, one gets the graph below. An important observation here is that
government output slowing by less than 3.4 percent in a given quarter causes the
economy to grow slower than the trend path of 5.6 percent only in the succeeding
quarter.oped02121214

In the third quarter of 2014 the economy slowed down to grow by only 5.3 percent
and lower than the trend path, but not because government output contracted by
2.9 percent in the same quarter. Rather, the economy decelerated because
government output grew by only 1.2 percent and lower than its trend path in the
previous quarter. The economic growth of the fourth quarter of 2014 and the
first quarter of 2015 are the ones to be affected by the third quarter's
2.9percent contraction in government output. Hopefully, there will be other
factors that may mitigate this possibility and cause GDP to increase more
rapidly, despite the downturn in government's services and output.

* * *

FOR more of our views on and forecasts for the Philippine economy and the
financial markets in 2015 and beyond, we would like to invite you to attend the
Eagle Watch Economic Briefing at the Justitia Room of the Ateneo Rockwell Campus
in Makati City, from 9 to 11:30 a.m. on January 22, 2015. For inquiries, call
(632) 2633221 or send an email to info@ifpmphilippines.org

Luis F. Dumlao, PhD, is the chairman of the Economics Department of the Ateneo
de Manila University and a senior fellow of Eagle Watch, the school's
macroeconomic and forecasting unit.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                              May 7, 2013 Tuesday

Informal economy impeding progress

BYLINE:  Mohammad Arifeen

LENGTH: 976  words


Informal economy in Pakistan is considered as a part of the economy which is
partly documented but does not pay taxes, and does not file tax returns.
Informal economy refers to economic activity that takes place outside the
government inadvertence and regulations, and therefore the income generated from
it is not taxed nor included in official estimates of GDP. There is consensus
among economic experts in Pakistan that the size of informal economy has grown
to more than half of the formal economy.

In Pakistan informal economy has grown with corruption, government contracts and
evasion of taxes. Informal economy has no doubt provided jobs but in many cases
they are low paid. This economy employs 73.8 percent of Pakistan's total labour
force and is the largest employer in the country. The employment ratio in rural
informal sector (76.5 per cent) is higher compared to that in the urban areas
(71.2 per cent).

In recent years Pakistan's informal economy has provided higher level of
employment when compared to previous years. The jobs in the informal economy are
mostly in wholesale and retail trade, manufacturing, community/social and
personal services, construction and transport.

According to Federal Board of Revenue the informal economy in Pakistan ranges
between $80 and $90 billion. With very low formal economy in Pakistan there has
been a tough problem for the economic planners to bring about a smooth policy
for the all round economic development in the country.

The Federal Board of Revenue report refers to a study prepared by the Social
Policy and Development Centre (SPDC) which says that the informal economy
reached its  high level in the early 1960s, when the corporate income tax rate
was 30 per cent and super tax was 30 per cent, the aggregate being 60 per cent.
The SBP estimates suggest that the size of informal economy was somewhere around
$34 billion in 2011.

A study conducted by the Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) in 2003
had stated that out of Rs100 of taxes due, the government receives only Rs38 and
Rs62 is pocketed by the taxpayer, tax collector and tax practitioner.

In Pakistan informal economy has grown with the simultaneous growth in
smuggling, narcotics, government contracts and tax evasion.  Every time when the
successive government calls for documentation of the economy it faces stiff
opposition from unregistered traders and industrialist, shopkeepers and small
factory owners. This was observed mostly at the time of Musharraf government.

The practice of double book accounting to reduce tax liability is widespread in
corporate as well as non-corporate sectors. Textile sector, which contributes
about 50 percent to the overall economy, may be considered as a select example -
where textile owners become richer every year notwithstanding businesses showing
in the balance sheet a loss. In Pakistan humble and innocent people pay as a
result of fear and getting punishment from the tax official.

It is interesting to mention here that agriculture which accounts for 22 percent
of GDP, contributes only one percent to income tax while industry which accounts
for 25 percent of GDP contributes 63 per cent of taxes.

Another reason for evading tax, as Transparency International remarks, is the
lack of people's trust in the tax collection system and their doubts about
appropriate use of their tax money. As a result, many affordable taxpayers
prefer to pay large amount as donations and zakat to charities and welfare
organizations.

There are  also informal economic activities in the most developed countries
like the United States, Germany and France. But their size of the informal
sector in those economies is small compared with Pakistan or many other
underdeveloped or developed countries. A study by Pakistan's central bank put
the size of the country's black economy at around 30 percent of GDP (compared to
25 percent in Greece and 20 percent in Italy), or around $70 billion a year. It
is probably much bigger perhaps closer to 40 per cent given Pakistan's low
tax-to-GDP ratio.

There are a number of reasons for the phenomenal growth in the size of the
informal sector. The most important one is the unwillingness of successive
governments to tax the untaxed or under taxed sectors of the economy and allows
exemptions to different lobbies under political pressure.

There are good chances of reviving formal economy in a large scale if effective
measures are taken to curb corruption. It is now urgently needed to introduce a
set of incentives for facilitating the transition of informal businesses to the
formal sector by removing barriers. People's confidence in tax system can be
restored and tax-to-GDP ratio can go up considerably.

The government did plan to improve working conditions in its labour policy  in
mostly small enterprises and also give benefits to home-based domestic workers,
such as improved safety and health arrangements and the payment of minimum
wages.  But not much has been done so far to implement the plans.

The major driving force behind the size and growth of the informal economy
appear to be an increasing burden of taxation and combined with more widespread
state activities. In this context friendly business policies must to be
formulated by government by lowering tax rates

There is an urgent need to address the grass root cause of informal economy. To
encourage the informal sector to get formalized, the government should introduce
Reward & Punishment Policy which is the need of time. There is need to support
the corporate sector which is contributing the major share of revenues to the
national exchequer in the form of some rewards. The masses are contributing
revenue in the form of indirect taxes.  In this context it is necessary to carry
out survey of affluent class and find out persons who are not paying taxes and
bring them to tax net.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

BD economy to grow 6.0pc in 2013: IMF

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON D.C


WASHINGTON D.C, April 18 -- The latest forecast of the International Monetary
Fund (IMF) said Bangladesh's economy will grow at 6.0 per cent in 2013 and 6.4
per cent in 2014.

India's economy is projected to grow at 5.7 per cent in 2013 and 6.2 per cent
next year, Nepal, 3.0 per cent in 2013 and 4.0 per cent in the following year.

The economy of Indonesia will expand by 5.7 per cent and 6.2 per cent in 2013
and 2014 respectively.

The forecasts have been made by the IMF in its World Economic Outlook (WEO). The
growth of the global economy in which was 3.2 per cent last year (2012) is now
expected to grow at 3.25 per cent in the current calendar year and 4.0 per cent
in 2014.

IMF's Chief Economist Oliver Blanchard addressed the journalists at a press
conference, arranged to mark the release of the report.

The Outlook said in advanced economies, activity is expected to gradually
accelerate, starting in the second half of 2013. Private demand appears
increasingly robust in the United States but still very sluggish in the euro
area.

In emerging market and developing economies, activity has already picked up
steam, the WEO added.

Mr. Oliver said the US and developing economies might play a strong role in
reviving the global economic prospects in the current and next years.

"Emerging market and developing economies are still going strong while fiscal
consolidation in the US economy, which is 1.8 per cent of its GDP, will play a
major role in accelerating the global economic outlook in the current and next
years," the Chief Economist of the IMF told reporters at the briefing.

IMF's Chief Economist Oliver Blanchard, however, said recent good news about the
US economy has come with renewed worries about the euro zone area.

'Given the strong interconnections between countries, an uneven recovery is also
a dangerous one. Some tail risks have decreased, but it is not time for policy
makers to relax," Oliver said at the briefing.

The WEO, cautioning the global policy-makers, said the more symmetric risks are
there to be addressed coherently.

"Of much greater concern would be a failure to raise the debt ceiling - the risk
of such self-destructive inaction, however, appears low," the WEO said.

"Over the medium term, downside risks revolve around the absence of strong
fiscal consolidation plans in the United States and Japan, high private sector
debt, limited policy space, and insufficient institutional progress in the euro
area, which could lead to a protracted period of low growth, distortion from
easy and unconventional monetary policy in many advanced economies, and
over-investment and high asset prices in many emerging markets and developing
economies," the WEO said.

It said the bumpy recovery and skewed macroeconomic policy mix in advanced
economies are complicating policy making in emerging market economies. Concerns
resurfaced once again recently, when looser monetary policy in Japan and other
factors prompted a large depreciation of the yen," cautioned the Outlook.

The WEO said main macro-economic policy challenges in emerging market and
developing economies is to recalibrate policy settings to avoid overstimulation
and rebuild macro economic policy buffers.

'The macroeconomic policy stance in many of these economies is still very
accommodative, supporting domestic demand in the face of weak external demand
from advanced economies,' reads the WEO on emerging market and developing
economies.

On Asia, the WEO said the economic growth as a whole for Asia will pick up
modestly to about 5.75 per cent in the current calendar year as a result of
recovering external demand and continued solid domestic demand.

'Consumption and private investment will be supported by favourable labor market
conditions - unemployment is at multiyear lows in several economies - and by
relatively easy financial conditions,' the report on Asian economies said.

Asian economies will also benefit from internal demand spillovers, particularly
growing demand and the policy-led pickup in Japan, the report added. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday

Testing year for Asian economies

BYLINE: Li Xiangyang

SECTION: OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS

LENGTH: 1083 words


The growth rate of emerging Asian economies is expected to increase in 2013. But
inflation and gloomy external conditions still pose a challenge for the
macroeconomic policies of many of these economies. In the medium term, their
growth rate will be higher than other regions but lower than it was before the
global financial crisis. This squarely puts the focus on economic reform and
restructuring.

Though Asia's economy is likely to bottom out this year, it will find it
difficult to overcome the problems created by the sovereign debt crisis in
Western countries. Besides, emerging Asian economies face several source risks.

First, they cannot avoid the impact of the slow growth and weak demand of
developed economies, which will take a long time to emerge out of the sovereign
debt crisis despite deleveraging.

Second, emerging Asian economies experienced fast paced growth because of
excessive credit delivery. Now that credit delivery has trickled, they are
stumbling. In the first half of the 1990s, a similar phenomenon led to the Asian
financial crisis. During the ongoing global financial crisis, because of
frequently adjusted macroeconomic policies, the asset bubbles in many Asian
countries haven't deflated to the level of developed countries. But the recent
turbulence in Vietnam's financial market is the result of excessive credit
delivery.

Third, quantitative easing (QE) by the United States, the eurozone and Japan has
had a considerable effect on emerging Asian economies. Because of Asian
economies' export-oriented development model and their asset bubbles, overseas
short-term capital flow will probably lead to appreciation of exchange rates. It
is also likely to trigger inflation and further inflate the asset bubbles.

If the QE in the West succeeds in reversing the price rise, then the transfer of
debts could be a way out of the sovereign debt crisis. Therefore, emerging Asian
economies, as the biggest foreign exchange reserve holders, must take steps to
avert the risk of debt transfer from developed countries.

Fourth, the Diaoyu Islands dispute between China and Japan poses a serious risk
to Asia's economies. China and Japan are Asia's two largest economies and the
mainstays of East Asia's global production network. Any deterioration in
Sino-Japanese ties, therefore, will have an impact beyond the two countries'
economies.

Moreover, the Diaoyu Islands dispute is likely to linger for a long time,
therefore, Sino-Japanese economic ties cannot be strengthened. This exogenous
factor will increase uncertainties in the Asian economy.

Considering the source risks, Asia's emerging economies have no option but to
take up economic reform and restructuring in order to pursue sustained growth.

The aggressive economic stimulus packages in the wake of the global financial
crisis gave policymakers in emerging Asian economies a sense of false confidence
that they were largely immune to external crises. They also undermined the
emerging economies' impetus to change their development model. Now, the economic
trends of the past four years show that overcoming the impact of the global
financial crisis is the toughest challenge the Asian economies face.

Emerging Asian economies, including China and India, have indeed placed reforms
high on their agendas. True, economic reforms and restructuring in Asian
countries have certain factors in common, but their focus differs.

The overall performance of emerging Asian economies, however, depends to a large
extent on Asia's economic integration. In the past, regional cooperation
frameworks such as ASEAN+3, ASEAN+6 and a free trade agreement (FTA) among
China, Japan and the Republic of Korea were promoted by Beijing and Tokyo
without the involvement of Washington. But since the Diaoyu Islands dispute has
soured Sino-Japanese ties and the US has been pushing ahead with its brainchild,
the Trans-Pacific Partnership, new avenues have to be explored for regional
economic cooperation.

China will not join the TPP under its current framework, though the prospects of
negotiations are still promising. In November 2012, Thailand agreed to join the
TPP talks, and half of ASEAN member states are likely to join the US-led group
by October 2013.

Moreover, the Sino-Japanese dispute over the Diaoyu Islands imperils not only
bilateral diplomatic relations, but also economic ties. Against this background,
it would be over-ambitious to begin trilateral FTA talks. But the three-way pact
was being jointly pursued because of the persistent will of the three countries
to deepen cooperation. It is likely then that FTA talks between China and the
ROK will precede that among China, Japan and the ROK.

Also, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership has become increasingly
important. The new proposal on the RCEP by ASEAN at the East Asia Summit in
Phnom Penh, Cambodia, in November 2012, has won extensive support from different
countries. The RCEP aims to forge a regional free trade area that would
initially include the ASEAN member states, and Australia, China, India, Japan,
the ROK and New Zealand.

The big powers back the RCEP because they agree on broader cooperation on
regional development and realize that differences and disputes among countries
cannot be resolved overnight. ASEAN, by proposing the RCEP, has provided a
platform for expediting regional cooperation, and wants to become a pole of
growth in Asia-Pacific because it stands to gain from it and could consolidate
the free trade area it has with regional powers.

Based on the above source risks and directional options, regional economic
cooperation faces many uncertainties. Strained relations between China and Japan
will not only be the biggest hurdle for an FTA among China, Japan and the ROK,
but will also influence the negotiation process of the RCEP.

It's also possible that two groups would be formed: RCEP without the US, and TPP
without China, with one favoring China and the other, the US. Japan probably
will be the only country participating in the negotiations of three FTAs at the
same time. But its domestic political uncertainty is likely to hamper the
process of Asia's regional cooperation. Besides, Sino-Japanese dispute over the
Diaoyu Islands will have a direct impact on regional cooperation.

The author is director of the National Institute of International Strategy, the
Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. The article is an excerpt from the annual
report on Development of Asia-Pacific (2013).

Related readings:

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (Nairobi)

                              July 4, 2011 Monday

Green Economy And Development - Which Way for the Informal Sector? [opinion]

BYLINE: Mary N. Kinyanjui

LENGTH: 686  words

DATELINE: Nairobi


The green economy is meant to improve well-being and bring social equity while
reducing environmental risks and ecological scarcity, according to the United
Nations Environment Programme's 2010 Green Economy Report.

This calls for concerted efforts from informal and formal stakeholders.

The involvement of the informal economy in the greening of the economy is
particularly important because of the role it plays in poverty alleviation and
mobilising individuals who are socially excluded from the mainstream economy.

The informal economy is a sprawling phenomenon in African cities and rural
areas.

According to Decent Work and the Informal Economy, it represents three quarters
of non-agricultural employment in sub-Saharan Africa and accounts for 78 per
cent of employment in the region.

However, despite its significance, the informal economy in its current form
cannot be a high road to sustainable development, let alone a basis for a green
economy if it is not upscaled.

It experiences significant challenges that might decelerate its greening
process, in particular its lack of research and development facilities and low
levels of education among most operators. This hinders its uptake of new
technologies that may be required.

Should we wait for the informal economy to upscale and formalise before we
include it in the strategy for the green economy and sustainable development?
How long should we wait?

The informal sector is an economy in its own right. It has its own way of
organising capital and distributing surplus. It has a socio-cultural dynamism
that is often disregarded by entrepreneurial models.

It is neither shielded from the effects of climate change nor is it indifferent
to it. Like individuals in the formal economy, players are also looking for ways
to deal with environmental challenges.

The informal sector is at the forefront of manufacturing energy-saving cooking
stoves, brooders, food warmers, milk coolers, and chaff cutters. The informal
sector is also recycling plastics and waste metal.

Jua kali artisans are already creating new equipment that can preserve heat for
a long time. They have delved into the manufacture of electrical cooking gadgets
to reduce reliance on charcoal and wood.

They are keen on making durable goods to ensure that natural resources are not
unnecessarily depleted.

In spite of the benefits accruing from the informal economy such as jua kali,
there are concerns stemming from the environmental conditions that the sector
operates in.

The black dust at the Kamukunji jua kali cluster, for example, is an indicator
of the high pollution levels emanating from the smelting of metal for making
boxes, wheelbarrows, and water containers.

The spraying of chemicals in the clusters is also an environmental hazard. The
noise produced by the hammering of metal into shape without audio protection is
a danger to both the workers and the environment, and so is the way the waste is
disposed of.

To avoid conflict with the National Environmental Management Authority (Nema),
ways ought to be considered to make the informal sector a part of the green
economy for sustainable development.

There ought to be constructive dialogue and synergy between the jua kali
operators and Nema. Otherwise, the authority will appear to be unnecessarily
punitive in enforcing the law while the jua kali operators will seem defiant.

This will also involve reduction of shortcuts to environment control, which
include banning of charcoal burning and felling of trees without providing
alternative fuels for cooking, reducing the number of matatus on the roads to
decrease carbon emissions, or moving informal businesses from river basins
without looking into the strategies the informal economy people are adopting in
their endeavour to deal with climatic changes.

Greening efforts will take long to materialise if the informal sector is
ignored.

There should be a deliberate strategy to incorporate the informal economy in the
conceptualisation of the socio-economic dimensions of the green economy.

Ms Kinyanjui is a senior research fellow, Institute for Development Studies,
University of Nairobi

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            August 11, 2007 Saturday

Kosovo grey economy hampering development - business conference

LENGTH: 327 words


Text of report in English by independent internet news agency KosovaLive

["Informal Economy Is Damaging Development of Kosova" -- KosovaLive headline]

Prishtina [Pristina], 10 Aug (KosovaLive) -- The existence of informal economy
in Kosova [Kosovo] is having a considerable number of consequences to the
economy of the country. It encourages unfair competition, puts legal and serious
businesses in an unfair position to illegal businesses, encourages the presence
of counterfeit products, and so on.

This was said today in the conference, "The Reduction of Informal Economy in
Kosova," which was organized by Kosovar Alliance of Businesses (AKB).

The deputy minister of trade and industry (MTI), Kadri Kryeziu, said that
informal economy is blocking the development of Kosova, adding that the building
of a system for an open economy of the market is a precondition for joining the
international cooperation.

"Informal economy is present in Kosova same such as in other countries that are
in transition," Kryeziu said.

He said that informal economy influences the increase of fiscal evasion, import,
stagnation of export, and so on.

According to Kadriu, the lack of institutional legal base and the problems in
implementing respective laws are some of the factors that help the development
of informal economy.

On the other hand, the head of AKB, Agim Shahini said that talking about
informal economy in Kosova is same as talking about poverty, visible social
polarization, and corruption.

He said that Kosova and Kosovar business need more knowledge and contemporary
public policies, which would urge the development of public dialogue.

Whereas, the representative of USAID, Martin Wood, said that informal economy is
identified as a great problem in Kosova and has negative effect on the
development of economy in general, since compared to informal economy the
businesses that respect the laws are being damaged.

Source: KosovaLive website, Pristina, in English 10 Aug 07

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 26, 2006 Wednesday

Class struggles;
Premium Economy. Club Class. World Traveller Plus. When it comes to passenger
perks, the middle ground is growing at a confusing rate. ROSIE SCHWARTZ examines
the airlines' latest stratifications

BYLINE: ROSIE SCHWARTZ, Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. R8

LENGTH: 949 words


In the beginning, there was first-class and economy. Decades later, business
class appeared, and frequent fliers saw that it was good. For years, the
airlines rested. And then, with little fanfare, "premium economy" was born.

Or is that Economy Plus? Or Club Class? Or World Traveller Plus? If you're
confused by the latest stratifications in airline seating, you're not alone.

Fact is, these mid-range classes are not created equal. They differ between
airlines, routes - even among aircraft. Susan Klein, an agent with YYZ Travel
Amex in Toronto, agrees. "Make sure when you purchase your ticket, you know what
you're really getting," she says, adding that she has tried Air Canada's new
Premium Economy and is not a fan.

Indeed, passengers seem divided about AC's latest international class. On a
flight last week from Toronto to Rome in a Premium Economy cabin, I chatted with
Mississauga resident Alison Martin, a senior director with a global company who
flies overseas most weeks.

"I think this is a disgrace," she said while flight attendants fielded a flurry
of complaints by reminding passengers they were not, in fact, in executive
class. "I would go out of my way and fly to Frankfurt for a connection to avoid
this."

A few rows back, however, Calgary real-estate investor Bill Bird had a different
view. Never having flown overseas before and having no expectations, Bird said
he was "really happy with the extra legroom."

Air Canada followed in the footsteps of several major airlines last year by
launching its premium-economy service, then dubbed Club Class International (it
is now known simply as Premium Economy). In essence, it offers an "enhanced"
version of economy as a less-costly alternative to executive class.

Compared with economy, this means seats that are about an inch wider, with a
pitch (the distance from one seat to the same point on the seat in front) that's
up to a foot longer; an improved meal and beverage service; plusher pillows; and
separate washrooms. Plus, there's priority check-in and boarding.

But Air Canada's levels of enhancement depend on the route and the aircraft. A
flight attendant told me that the premium-economy service on the Toronto-Glasgow
route, for example, is even less lavish than my flight to Rome.

This isn't saying much: My leg rest (one of the selling points of the service)
was broken; and the choice of three entrées was downgraded to two - the same as
in economy - after just a few rows were served. Still, the extra legroom and
seat incline were appreciated.

As for savings, there can be quite a difference in price between regular economy
and premium, though as the departure date nears, this tends to drop to a few
hundred dollars.

Meanwhile, if you're looking to upgrade from economy, things can get tricky.
When I booked my flight on Aircanada.com, a Premium Economy seat looked like a
smart way to use my upgrade certificates to access the executive-class cabin -
and its attendant frills - displayed on the on-line diagram of the plane.

Little did I know that premium economy had replaced executive class - and its
attendant frills - on the entire route. For airline passengers, it would seem
the new mantra is "look before you book."

Here, then, is what to expect from various airlines if you buy a premium-economy
seat:

Air New Zealand

Lowdown: The Pacific Premium Economy service, located in business-class cabins,
launched last summer. For more information, visit www.airnewzealand.com.

Pros: Wider seats with a 38- to 40-inch pitch; personal entertainment systems
and power sources; and an upgraded beverage service.

Cons: It still doesn't come close to Business Premier, the airline's new
combined business and first-class, with heavenly lie-flat sleepers.

Cost: About 25 per cent more than economy.

British Airways

Lowdown: Separate World Traveller Plus cabins have been available since 2002.
Toronto travel agent Susan Klein says it's the one premium economy flight she
"wouldn't hesitate to do again." For more information, visit www.ba.com.

Pros: Wider seats with seven extra inches of legroom and additional recline; and
a personal entertainment system and power source. The doubled hand-baggage
allowance may also lessen the need for checked luggage.

Cons: For overnight flights, World Traveller Plus pales in comparison with BA's
Sleeper Class, which offers fully reclining seats.

Cost: The difference between World Class (economy) and World Class Plus is
around $350 return (before taxes with an advance purchase).

Thai Airways

Lowdown: Introduced this past winter, this class is available on flights out of
New York or Los Angeles. For more information, visit www.thaiairways.com.

Pros: Offers wider seats, six extra inches of legroom, 42-inch seat pitch, a
personal entertainment system and power plugs.

Cons: The recline angle of 135 degrees doesn't measure up to business class's 70
degrees.

Cost: Current promotions make it more affordable - around $150 more than economy
- but prices are rising.

United Airlines

Lowdown: Situated at the front of the economy cabin, Economy Plus was first
offered three years ago on select routes to passengers paying higher fares. It's
now available on all routes. For more information, visit www.united.com.

Pros: The only perk is extra legroom: five inches in total.

Cons: In essence, it's still an economy service with the same-sized seats and
recline, so there's no comparison to business class.

Cost: Elite members of the frequent-flier program Mileage Plus are provided with
Economy Plus seats if available at the time of booking. If you purchase the
Economy Plus Access pass for about $350, you can also get the seating (for two
passengers) for one year.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

New Economy vs Old Economy

                                 April 9, 2000

Suzanne Sng


A Sunday Plus Special

Gurmit Singh Old economy workhorse

I work for someone I'm single-minded I add value I follow the rules I work in
the mainstream I don't trip, I deliver I am dependable

Najib Ali New Economy dude

I'm my own boss I do many things at the same time I create value I make my own
rules I started on the fringe I dare to fail But I'm unpredictable

Q and A by Suzanne Sng

Upfront With Najip Ali, 34

Q: Explain, in just one sentence, what New Economy means to you.

A: Whoa! (Pauses to ponder) The person in the new economy is someone who adopts
the new tools of communication and understands the new tools of making money.

Q: If we were to say to you: "Najip, you're so old economy!", what would be your
retort?

A: I've always been open-minded, and detached myself from any system. I don't
believe in schools of thoughts, just the school of experience. It's more
important to understand what is new economy and old economy and what it means to
me.

Q: Can you say loudly and proudly: "I'm a new economy dude!"? Give me one good
reason.

A: (Emphatically) I never want to be pigeon-holed. I detest being categorised. I
do things my way, I find alternatives. I like to invent and re-invent, define
and re-define. That's what I've always been doing, does that mean I'm new
economy? (Cackles gleefully)

Tonight With Gurmit Singh, 35

Q: Explain, in just one sentence, what new economy means to you.

A: New economy is not just improving the existing procedures and processes, but
coming up with new and creative ways to do things.

Q: If we were to say to you: "Gurmit, you're so old economy!", what would be
your retort?

A: I won't take it as an insult. (Laughs) Not everyone can be new economy
overnight. It's a process of learning and changing.

Q: Can you say loudly and proudly: "I'm a new economy dude!"? Give me one good
reason.

A: Hahaha, you could say that to a certain extent. I'm into new things in the IT
market, such as software, gadgets, but that's about all. But the new TWG, it's
new economy. (Beginning in mid-May, his talk show, Tonight With Gurmit, returns
to TV with a new set and segments where he takes to the streets.)

Najip Ali -The new economy dude

I'm my own boss Why be fettered to any organisation when you can be a free
agent? You can have more choices, and if you're not happy, you can leave.

In his 11 years in showbiz, Najip has not been part of any organisation, like
TCS, for instance. "I like the independence and freedom. I want to be able to
leave Singapore if I want to."

I do many things at the same time If you don't hold one stable job that brings
home the bread, you've got to wear many hats.

Besides conceptualising and hosting Upfront With Najip, he produces two Malay
shows, TV Kini and Kopi O Teh Tarik, and also co-hosted the latter. Plus, he is
the creative director of a Malay animation programme, Uddyn, and is looking for
money to do music. Pant!

I create value Adding value to a product is well and good, but creating value
goes one up. Instead of just hosting, Najip stamps his personal identity all
over Upfront -from his bow-tie-and-hat outfit to his unscripted spiel on air.

I make my own rules When you are immersed in the system, you do things the
system way. But if you are on the outside, you can do things your way. "I'm in
the business of communicating, creativity, expression," he says. "I'm not into
the system of showbiz or glamour."

I started from the fringe A trained dancer-choreographer, he moved from
backstage into the limelight with shows such as Mat Yo Yo and Asia Bagus!, and
albums such as Oonik and Rawjak. Last year, he set up Dua M, his own production
company. With Upfront, he moves from being a mutant on the fringe into the
mainstream.

"I go for alternative ways that Singaporeans find alien. Singaporeans like to
maintain the status quo, but I like things to have a different point of view."

I dare to fail Being experimental means there might be misses as well as hits.

Asia Bagus!, a talent search show, was less of a bona fide hit than a cult
favourite. The provocative Upfront is an acquired taste. "I'm motivated by risk,
by change, by new things. Even if I fall flat, I think the ground has soft
grass."

I'm unpredictable With all the gushing about the new economy, it's easy to look
at the froth and forget about the substance. A motor-mouth host decked out in
flashy clothes is nothing if he does not deliver real content.

Gurmit Singh -The old economy chap

I work for someone Holding one job all your life has been the way since 9 to 5
became the norm.

As a full-time artiste with TCS for the past five years, Gurmit collects a
regular pay cheque for what he does best -comedy. He acts in the sitcom Phua Chu
Kang and hosts a talkshow, Tonight With Gurmit.

I'm single-minded In the old economy, you have a job and you do it well,
single-mindedly. No dabbling on the sideline.

For Gurmit, his job is to entertain as a comedian and host. "There are only so
many things you can do when you're in TCS. Acting in Phua Chu Kang and hosting
TWG already take up all my time. I don't know how Najip does it, it's like there
are three of him. He's new economy, right, he probably cloned himself."

I add value When you have a product, how do you make it better? You add to it.
Gurmit adds value to his scripted lines by doing them in his funny way.

I follow the rules TWG is a product of the system that produces it, ie. TCS.
Like the many clones it has churned out, TWG is remarkably similar to America's
The Late Show with David Letterman.

"We were old economy when we came up with the show, so we adopted the format of
a talk show," Gurmit admits. "You had to have a stand-up routine, you had to
have a desk, you had to have a band to see you home."

I work in the mainstream In the old economy, you cater to the lowest common
denominator. Something which appeals across the board will draw high ratings, so
the theory goes.

Says Gurmit: "I try to appeal to as many people as possible. I want to take over
the world. I don't need to be controversial, I just want to entertain and be
liked."

I deliver No matter old or new economy, delivering the goods still counts. And
the old economy way -- slow, steady, reliable -may not be exciting or
controversial. But it delivers.

Although not entirely comfortable with stand-up comedy, he says: "If the
audience wants it, I will try to deliver."

I'm dependable Not taking chances makes you predictable, which comes across as
solid and dependable.

On the Gurmit show, jokes are not too off-colour, and guests are treated
politely. You know what to expect, from the opening lines to the band's closing
song.

SECTION: Sunday Plus; (Sunday Plus) New vs Old Special; Pg. 1,3

LENGTH: 1128 words

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Old economy workhorse, New Economy dude) (Page Sunplus1); (Najip Ali
-the new economy dude, Gurmit Singh -The old economy chap) (Page Sunplus3)

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              314 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

New Economy vs Old Economy

                                 April 9, 2000

Suzanne Sng


A Sunday Plus Special

Gurmit Singh Old economy workhorse

I work for someone I'm single-minded I add value I follow the rules I work in
the mainstream I don't trip, I deliver I am dependable

Najib Ali New Economy dude

I'm my own boss I do many things at the same time I create value I make my own
rules I started on the fringe I dare to fail But I'm unpredictable

Q and A by Suzanne Sng

Upfront With Najip Ali, 34

Q: Explain, in just one sentence, what New Economy means to you.

A: Whoa! (Pauses to ponder) The person in the new economy is someone who adopts
the new tools of communication and understands the new tools of making money.

Q: If we were to say to you: "Najip, you're so old economy!", what would be your
retort?

A: I've always been open-minded, and detached myself from any system. I don't
believe in schools of thoughts, just the school of experience. It's more
important to understand what is new economy and old economy and what it means to
me.

Q: Can you say loudly and proudly: "I'm a new economy dude!"? Give me one good
reason.

A: (Emphatically) I never want to be pigeon-holed. I detest being categorised. I
do things my way, I find alternatives. I like to invent and re-invent, define
and re-define. That's what I've always been doing, does that mean I'm new
economy? (Cackles gleefully)

Tonight With Gurmit Singh, 35

Q: Explain, in just one sentence, what new economy means to you.

A: New economy is not just improving the existing procedures and processes, but
coming up with new and creative ways to do things.

Q: If we were to say to you: "Gurmit, you're so old economy!", what would be
your retort?

A: I won't take it as an insult. (Laughs) Not everyone can be new economy
overnight. It's a process of learning and changing.

Q: Can you say loudly and proudly: "I'm a new economy dude!"? Give me one good
reason.

A: Hahaha, you could say that to a certain extent. I'm into new things in the IT
market, such as software, gadgets, but that's about all. But the new TWG, it's
new economy. (Beginning in mid-May, his talk show, Tonight With Gurmit, returns
to TV with a new set and segments where he takes to the streets.)

Najip Ali -The new economy dude

I'm my own boss Why be fettered to any organisation when you can be a free
agent? You can have more choices, and if you're not happy, you can leave.

In his 11 years in showbiz, Najip has not been part of any organisation, like
TCS, for instance. "I like the independence and freedom. I want to be able to
leave Singapore if I want to."

I do many things at the same time If you don't hold one stable job that brings
home the bread, you've got to wear many hats.

Besides conceptualising and hosting Upfront With Najip, he produces two Malay
shows, TV Kini and Kopi O Teh Tarik, and also co-hosted the latter. Plus, he is
the creative director of a Malay animation programme, Uddyn, and is looking for
money to do music. Pant!

I create value Adding value to a product is well and good, but creating value
goes one up. Instead of just hosting, Najip stamps his personal identity all
over Upfront -from his bow-tie-and-hat outfit to his unscripted spiel on air.

I make my own rules When you are immersed in the system, you do things the
system way. But if you are on the outside, you can do things your way. "I'm in
the business of communicating, creativity, expression," he says. "I'm not into
the system of showbiz or glamour."

I started from the fringe A trained dancer-choreographer, he moved from
backstage into the limelight with shows such as Mat Yo Yo and Asia Bagus!, and
albums such as Oonik and Rawjak. Last year, he set up Dua M, his own production
company. With Upfront, he moves from being a mutant on the fringe into the
mainstream.

"I go for alternative ways that Singaporeans find alien. Singaporeans like to
maintain the status quo, but I like things to have a different point of view."

I dare to fail Being experimental means there might be misses as well as hits.

Asia Bagus!, a talent search show, was less of a bona fide hit than a cult
favourite. The provocative Upfront is an acquired taste. "I'm motivated by risk,
by change, by new things. Even if I fall flat, I think the ground has soft
grass."

I'm unpredictable With all the gushing about the new economy, it's easy to look
at the froth and forget about the substance. A motor-mouth host decked out in
flashy clothes is nothing if he does not deliver real content.

Gurmit Singh -The old economy chap

I work for someone Holding one job all your life has been the way since 9 to 5
became the norm.

As a full-time artiste with TCS for the past five years, Gurmit collects a
regular pay cheque for what he does best -comedy. He acts in the sitcom Phua Chu
Kang and hosts a talkshow, Tonight With Gurmit.

I'm single-minded In the old economy, you have a job and you do it well,
single-mindedly. No dabbling on the sideline.

For Gurmit, his job is to entertain as a comedian and host. "There are only so
many things you can do when you're in TCS. Acting in Phua Chu Kang and hosting
TWG already take up all my time. I don't know how Najip does it, it's like there
are three of him. He's new economy, right, he probably cloned himself."

I add value When you have a product, how do you make it better? You add to it.
Gurmit adds value to his scripted lines by doing them in his funny way.

I follow the rules TWG is a product of the system that produces it, ie. TCS.
Like the many clones it has churned out, TWG is remarkably similar to America's
The Late Show with David Letterman.

"We were old economy when we came up with the show, so we adopted the format of
a talk show," Gurmit admits. "You had to have a stand-up routine, you had to
have a desk, you had to have a band to see you home."

I work in the mainstream In the old economy, you cater to the lowest common
denominator. Something which appeals across the board will draw high ratings, so
the theory goes.

Says Gurmit: "I try to appeal to as many people as possible. I want to take over
the world. I don't need to be controversial, I just want to entertain and be
liked."

I deliver No matter old or new economy, delivering the goods still counts. And
the old economy way -- slow, steady, reliable -may not be exciting or
controversial. But it delivers.

Although not entirely comfortable with stand-up comedy, he says: "If the
audience wants it, I will try to deliver."

I'm dependable Not taking chances makes you predictable, which comes across as
solid and dependable.

On the Gurmit show, jokes are not too off-colour, and guests are treated
politely. You know what to expect, from the opening lines to the band's closing
song.

SECTION: Sunday Plus; (Sunday Plus) New vs Old Special; Pg. 1,3

LENGTH: 1128 words

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Old economy workhorse, New Economy dude) (Page Sunplus1); (Najip Ali
-the new economy dude, Gurmit Singh -The old economy chap) (Page Sunplus3)

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              315 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             May 27, 1999 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Economists reveal key concerns

BYLINE: Sean Aylmer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 569 words


Local business investment and the health of the global economy will determine
Australia's economic future, ranking above a goods and services tax and the
current account deficit in the minds of market economists.

Uncertainty over business investment is the number one issue facing policy
makers, according to a survey by The Australian Financial Review.

The release today of capital expenditure figures, including the outlook for the
next 12 months, will provide an update on investment intentions.

Business investment outranked the global economy and the outlook for Wall
Street, which were ranked as the next most important issues, followed by the
current account deficit and underestimation of growth.

The GST was the sixth most important issue.

The survey shows that, overall, economists are confident about growth in the
Australian economy.

This was further demonstrated with the release of the Westpac Melbourne
Institute Leading Index of Economic Activity.

It shows that the economy is set to grow well above the long-term trend growth
rate of 3.3 per cent during the latter part of 1999.

A strong sharemarket offset weaker dwelling approval figures in the index.

The survey contrasts with Treasury figures which predict a short, sharp slowdown
late this year.

The Coincident Index, which shows the current rate of activity, suggests a
strong economy which has not slowed from last year's rate of close to 5 per
cent.

National accounts figures due for release next Wednesday will provide a clearer
picture of how quickly the economy is growing.

Bankers Trust senior economist, Mr Keiran Davies, said it was unclear whether
strong profit levels would drive business investment higher in Australia, but
the outcome was crucial to the economy.

"Any slowdown in the economy will come from business investment. The Budget and
Senate negotiations on tax are important but they really are longer-term
issues," he said.

Warburg Dillon Read chief economist, Mr Mark Rider, selected Wall Street as the
crucial concern. "The global economy depends on Wall Street. If that takes a
dive then the question become one of how well can our economy hold up," he said.

Deutsche Bank senior economist, Mr Tony Meer, nominated the global economy as
the most important factor for Australia's economic health. "At the end of the
day, business investment can slow but the economy can continue to grow. The US
could slow but that doesn't mean the end of Australia's growth."

Several economists said that there were few domestic imbalances, while others
feared that the Government was underestimating the strength of the economy. If
the economy was growing faster than forecast, higher interest rate could
eventually be necessary.

The overall positive outlook for Australia has filtered through to small
business confidence, according to the Yellow Pages Small Business Index released
yesterday.

Almost half of all proprietors said the economy was growing, though the outlook
in 12 months' time was less promising.

Meanwhile, the Department of Employment, Workplace Relations and Small Business
March quarter report on enterprise bargaining shows average annualised wage
increases in Federal wage agreements during the quarter of 3.8 per cent, down
from 4.2 per cent. The figures suggest little wage inflation flowing through the
economy.

THE BIG ISSUES

1 Business investment

2 Global economy

3 Wall Street

4 Current account deficit

5 Underestimating growth

6 GST

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Market economists believe business investment will be the key
issue driving the Australian economy. Picture: Robert Rough.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1999 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 30, 2001 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Black economy and tax dodging thrive under GST

BYLINE: Toni O'Loughlin

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 576 words


The cash economy has flourished under the Howard Government's new tax system and
is likely to get worse with tax evasion deeply embedded in the Australian
psyche.

These are the key findings of the first major study of the GST's impact on
illicit trade.

Between September and December, as the real economy began to shrink last year,
the cash economy grew from 12.9 per cent of gross domestic product to 13.6 per
cent, the Australian Tax Research Foundation report shows.

"Australia's new tax system had failed in its attempt to significantly reduce
the size of the cash economy," the report's author, Mr Christopher Bajada, who
is a member of the Tax Office's cash economy task force, said.

Nevertheless, the underground economy, which produced $75 billion in goods and
services last year, shrunk by 1.5 per cent of GDP between March and September,
but it was mainly due to fear and loathing of the new tax.

"With the public perception that the GST was targeted to eliminate the cash
economy, many businesses and households feared detection," Mr Bajada said.

While the new tax system has made it more difficult for businesses to rort their
taxes, it has failed to tackle the biggest culprits of subterranean deals wage
and salary earners who hid $76 billion of income from the Tax Office in 1999.

While wage and salary earners are the biggest tax dodgers accounting for 55 per
cent of subterranean trade they are also the biggest taxpayers, contributing 85
per cent to the total tax revenue.

Businesses account for 45 per cent of black economy deals and contribute 5 per
cent to total tax revenue.

Tax evasion was "entrenched in the psyche of many ordinary Australians and
participation in these activities appears to be growing", Mr Bajada said.

"Honest businesses are also adversely affected by the growing participation in
the cash economy because they have to battle against unfair price competition
that the cash economy actively promotes," he said.

The Treasurer defended the new tax system's ability to clamp down on the cash
economy. "Undoubtedly it has cracked down on the black economy. We know that
because we collected more income tax than has been collected in the past," Mr
Costello said. "People were pulled into the system."

When the Government announced the new tax system, it said it would collect an
extra $3.5 billion in the first three years. But Mr Bajada's analysis shows
$12.7 billion worth of tax leaked out through the black economy in 2000 alone.

Governments around the world New Zealand, Britain and Canada had introduced
similar tax systems to crack down on the black economy but with little success,
the report said.

"Not long after each tax reform there were clear signs in each of these
countries that the size of the cash economy was growing," Mr Bajada said.

Meanwhile, another business survey showed continuing dissatisfaction with the
new tax system. The Australian Industry Group surveyed 175 members and found 69
per cent had cash-flow difficulties as a result of the GST.

While 49 per cent of firms supported the GST, one quarter of those that
previously supported it said they now doubted whether it had been worthwhile.
Thirty-four per cent said they opposed it outright.

Where the deals are done

* Services delivered outside normal working hours

* motor vehicle repairs

* painting

* decorating

* plumbing

* accounting and financial services

* small businesses paying cash in hand

* bartering for services between professionals or tradespeople

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

Fewer Niceties, Similar Price: Airlines Turn to 'Basic Economy' Fares

BYLINE: JULIE CRESWELL

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 770 words

ABSTRACT

The new basic economy class seats are expected to be in many cases the same
price as the existing standard economy fare.

FULL TEXT

Correction Appended

When is a new, budget offering actually a hidden increase in overall cost? When
the airline industry introduces new economy fares.

Over the last week, United Airlines and American Airlines joined Delta Air Lines
in starting or announcing plans for a "basic economy" fare option geared toward
bargain travelers.

For these major airlines, a "basic economy" ticket means the airline will
transport travelers where they want to go. Most everything else, though, costs
extra, ending many of the remaining niceties provided by large commercial
carriers.

Gone is the ability to choose a seat free. (Hello, middle seat!) Upgrade or
refund under the new fare? Forget it. And, under some airline rules, do not even
think about putting a suitcase into an overhead bin without paying.

Something else travelers do not always get with the basic economy fare: an
actual price discount.

While airlines are loath to discuss pricing, the new basic economy class seats
are expected to be in many cases the same price as the standard economy fare,
meaning travelers will get less for the same price.

Instead, the old-fashioned economy ticket - the one with the niceties - is
expected to cost more.

"Yeah, the same product is going to be more expensive," said George Hobica, the
president of Airfarewatchdog.com. "It's like they were saying you were getting
an introductory offer and that they were giving it away, but no longer."

The one upside? Basic economy travelers will still get soda and mini pretzels -
for now.

For United, which began offering basic economy fares this week from the
Minneapolis-St. Paul region to its seven hubs, a round-trip flight on May 9 from
Minneapolis to Denver under the standard economy fare will cost $176. The new
basic economy fare for the same flight will be $136.

Basic economy travelers will not be allowed to choose their seats or carry on a
bag, so they would have to pay $25 each way to check their bags, raising the
price of the basic economy fare round trip to $186. And basic economy fare
passengers who try to sneak bags on board will be charged the $25 bag check-in
fee plus a $25 gate-handling charge.

In other words, the standard economy ticket, the one expected to rise in price,
may end up being a better deal in some cases than the new basic economy ticket.

A United spokesman said that customers willing to accept the basic economy
restrictions should have lower overall travel costs. A spokeswoman for Delta,
which introduced basic economy fares in 2013, said in a statement that basic
economy travelers were not permitted to choose their seats and that families may
not be able to sit together, but that the fare "has never included a fee for
carry-on baggage and that remains true today."

Over all, the airlines have argued they are merely giving customers what they
want as demonstrated by the robust growth of low-cost, no-frills airlines like
Spirit, Frontier and Allegiant. These airlines typically charge lower fares but
often charge many additional fees. For instance, the same Minneapolis-to-Denver
flight on May 9 on Frontier is a bargain at $88 round trip.

Frontier, though, charges travelers $6 on each flight to choose their seats, and
$30 to $35 each way for larger carry-on bags. The fees are higher if the
upgrades are made at the airport.

The low-cost airlines - which have lower legacy and labor costs than large
airlines and have historically flown into smaller airports with smaller landing
fees, are increasingly taking on the big airlines on their own home-turf hubs.

In 2011, Spirit flew to three cities from the American Airlines hub in
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. Today, Spirit flies to 25 cities,
Robert Isom, the president of American, said in a letter to employees last month
announcing the basic economy options that would be available for travel starting
March 1 for 10 routes, including Fort Lauderdale to Philadelphia and Miami to
New Orleans.

Pointing to aircraft orders from Spirit and other airlines as signs of continued
growth, Mr. Isom concluded that, for American, "competing aggressively against
these airlines is not optional."

Correction: February 25, 2017, Saturday

This article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An article on
Friday about more airlines' using basic economy class seats misstated, in some
copies, when Robert Isom, the president of American Airlines, sent a letter to
employees announcing new such fare options. The letter was sent last month, not
last week.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

The world economy without China

LENGTH: 1099 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Nov. 2 -- Is the Chinese economy about to implode? With its debt
overhangs and property bubbles, its zombie state-owned enterprises and
struggling banks, China is increasingly portrayed as the next disaster in a
crisis-prone world.

I remain convinced that such fears are overblown, and that China has the
strategy, wherewithal, and commitment to achieve a dramatic structural
transformation into a services-based consumer society while successfully dodging
daunting cyclical headwinds. But I certainly recognize that this is now a
minority opinion.

For example, US Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew continues to express the rather
puzzling view that the United States "can't be the only engine in the world
economy." Actually, it's not: the Chinese economy is on track to contribute well
over four times as much to global growth as the US this year. But maybe Lew is
already assuming the worst for China in his assessment of the world economy.

So what if the China doubters are right? What if China's economy does indeed
come crashing down, with its growth rate plunging into low single digits, or
even negative territory, as would be the case in most crisis economies? China
would suffer, of course, but so would an already-shaky global economy. With all
the handwringing over the Chinese economy, it's worth considering this thought
experiment in detail.

For starters, without China, the world economy would already be in recession.
China's growth rate this year appears set to hit 6.7% - considerably higher than
most forecasters have been expecting. According to the International Monetary
Fund - the official arbiter of global economic metrics - the Chinese economy
accounts for 17.3% of world GDP (measured on a purchasing-power-parity basis). A
6.7% increase in Chinese real GDP thus translates into about 1.2 percentage
points of world growth. Absent China, that contribution would need to be
subtracted from the IMF's downwardly revised 3.1% estimate for world GDP growth
in 2016, dragging it down to 1.9% - well below the 2.5% threshold commonly
associated with global recessions.

Of course, that's just the direct effect of a world without China. Then there
are cross-border linkages with other major economies.

The so-called resource economies - namely, Australia, New Zealand, Canada,
Russia, and Brazil - would be hit especially hard. As a resource-intensive
growth juggernaut, China has transformed these economies, which collectively
account for nearly 9% of world GDP. While all of them argue that they have
diversified economic structures that are not overly dependent on Chinese
commodity demand, currency markets say otherwise: whenever China's growth
expectations are revised - upward or downward - their exchange rates move in
tandem. The IMF currently projects that these five economies will contract by a
combined 0.7% in 2016, reflecting ongoing recessions in Russia and Brazil and
modest growth in the other three. Needless to say, in a China implosion
scenario, this baseline estimate would be revised downward significantly.

The same would be the case for China's Asian trading partners - most of which
remain export-dependent economies, with the Chinese market their largest source
of external demand. That is true not only of smaller Asian developing economies
such as Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand, but also of the larger and
more developed economies in the region, such as Japan, Korea, and Taiwan.
Collectively, these six China-dependent Asian economies make up another 11% of
world GDP. A China implosion could easily knock at least one percentage point
off their combined growth rate.

The United States is also a case in point. China is America's third-largest and
most rapidly growing export market. In a China-implosion scenario, that export
demand would all but dry up - knocking approximately 0.2-0.3 percentage points
off already subpar US economic growth of around 1.6% in 2016.

Finally, there is Europe to consider. Growth in Germany, long the engine of an
otherwise sclerotic Continental economy, remains heavily dependent on exports.
That is due increasingly to the importance of China - now Germany's
third-largest export market, after the European Union and the United States. In
a China implosion scenario, German economic growth could also be significantly
lower, dragging down the rest of a German-led Europe.

Interestingly, in its just-released October update of the World Economic
Outlook, the IMF devotes an entire chapter to what it calls a China spillover
analysis - a model-based assessment of the global impacts of a China slowdown.
Consistent with the arguments above, the IMF focuses on linkages to commodity
exporters, Asian exporters, and what they call "systemic advanced economies"
(Germany, Japan, and the US) that would be most exposed to a Chinese downturn.
By their reckoning, the impact on Asia would be the largest, followed closely by
the resource economies; the sensitivity of the three developed economies is
estimated to be about half that of China's non-Japan Asian trading partners.

The IMF research suggests that China's global spillovers would add about another
25% to the direct effects of China's growth shortfall. That means that if
Chinese economic growth vanished into thin air, in accordance with our thought
experiment, the sum of the direct effects (1.2 percentage points of global
growth) and indirect spillovers (roughly another 0.3 percentage points) would
essentially halve the current baseline estimate of 2016 global growth, from 3.1%
to 1.6%. While that would be far short of the record 0.1% global contraction in
2009, it wouldn't be much different than two earlier deep world recessions, in
1975 (1% growth) and 1982 (0.7%).

I may be one of the only China optimists left. While I am hardly upbeat about
prospects for the global economy, I think the world faces far bigger problems
than a major meltdown in China. Yet I would be the first to concede that a
post-crisis world economy without Chinese growth would be in grave difficulty.
China bears need to be careful what they wish for.

(Stephen S. Roach, former Chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia and the firm's chief
economist, is a senior fellow at Yale University's Jackson Institute of Global
Affairs and a senior lecturer at Yale's School of Management. He is the author
of Unbalanced: The Codependency of America and China).

Courtesy: Project Syndicate

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Nikkei Asian Review (Japan)

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Editorial: Asia must cope with changes in global economy

LENGTH: 796 words


Sweeping changes are coming to the global economy. The U.S. is recovering.
Meanwhile, China and other emerging nations, which have driven the global
economy for the last few years, face headwinds. An interest rate hike by the
U.S. Federal Reserve is on the horizon, increasing uncertainty in the financial
markets. Asian countries need to quickly adapt to any coming changes while
maintaining focus on enhancing their domestic growth potential through reforms.

Two safeguards shored up the global economy after the Great Recession: abundant
funds from the U.S. Federal Reserve Board through its monetary easing program
and the strength of emerging economies.

These two pillars, however, can no longer be relied on. The Fed is expected to
raise key interest rates, possibly this autumn, for the first time since 2006.
Meanwhile, the World Bank forecasts the average growth rate in the developing
world will fall to 4.4% this year, a second straight year of decline.

Fundamental rethink

One factor behind emerging economy growth has been the massive influx of funds
from outside of the region, thanks to U.S. easing. As the effects wane, problems
could emerge. The World Bank predicts a U.S. rate hike could reduce the inflow
of funds to emerging economies by around 1.8% of their gross domestic product.
It could also trigger substantial declines in the values of developing nation
currencies.

Emerging economies have stronger foundations and more foreign reserves today
than at the time of the Asian crisis in the late 1990s. But those with large
current-account deficits are vulnerable to capital flights. The impact on
companies in emerging countries with dollar-denominated borrowings should also
be closely watched.

China is in a phase of major economic adjustment. Its high economic growth, led
by property investment and capital spending by shipbuilders, steelmakers and
other manufacturers, has reached its limit. Growth in industrial production is
evidently slowing down. Resources-dependent emerging economies are also
stagnating. The Brazilian economy is projected to contract this year, for
instance.

It is undoubtedly good news for the world economy that the U.S. economy is
firming up. In general, it appears the developed world, rather than emerging
nations, is more of an engine for the global economy at present.

If the U.S. rate hike is gradual, its negative impact on rising economies could
be negligible. That would allow the world economy to stabilize, driven by the
U.S., for the time being.

This scenario, however, is not sustainable. The U.S. economy is no longer
powerful enough to act as an engine for global growth. The growth rate is likely
to fall short of 3%, even in a recovery. And within the U.S., some are beginning
to complain that other countries rely on the nation's economy too much.

U.S. Congress and some manufacturers are becoming increasingly vocal about the
rise of the dollar, which disadvantages exporters and pushes down corporate
earnings. They criticize not just China, where the government controls foreign
exchange rates, but also Japan and Europe. They argue easing is intended to
weaken the euro and yen against the dollar.

In such circumstances, all nations must take measures to achieve sustainable
growth on their own. Each nation has to strengthen the potential power of its
economy and face up to structural problems.

Europe needs to solve the Greek debt issue and fix its high unemployment rate.
China needs to press ahead with reforms to diminish the role of state-run
companies in favor of the private sector. It needs to change from being an
investment- and export-driven economy. Asian emerging nations, which have grown
on the strength of low wages, now face pressure to hike pay, meaning enhancing
competitiveness by fostering high value-added industries is essential.

Japan's economy, taking advantage of the weak yen, rising stocks and low
interest rates, has improved. But the better times are owed in no small part to
U.S. support. This favorable environment will be undermined once the U.S. begins
raising interest rates. The direction of yen-dollar exchange rates is murky, but
the beneficial effects of a weakening currency on the Japanese economy are
increasingly limited.

What is important is to capitalize on the benefits U.S. easing has brought about
to fundamentally revamp the real economy. Japan, which has long been plagued by
deflation, needs continued wage hikes and capital spending increases. To that
end, it is essential to reinforce growth through deregulation and the promotion
of free trade agreements. It is also significant to step up fiscal consolidation
efforts while the global economic and financial environment remains stable.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              320 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

The Future of Work in the Sharing Economy

LENGTH: 454  words


Washington, D.C.: The Aspen Institute has issued the following news release:

From Uber's ride-sharing to Taskrabbit's services ranging from gift-wrapping to
dog-walking, the sharing economy has become a major part of everyday American
life. An estimated 80 million "sharers" in the US bought services from these
companies last year, and 23 percent of Americans have partaken in at least one
exchange using a sharing platform company in 2014.

Given the convenience and accessibility of goods and services these companies
provide, the rise of the sharing economy has been a huge boon for consumers.
However, from the worker's perspective it raises many problems and
instabilities. To address these issues and the future of the sharing economy,
the Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program recently hosted "The Future
of Work in the Sharing Economy" as part of its Working in America series. Read
below for a description of the sharing economy and the advantages and
disadvantages for those working in it.

What is the "sharing economy?"

Generally organized around a technology platform that facilitates the exchange
of goods, assets, and services between individuals across a varied and dynamic
collection of sectors.
    Related terms include "collaborative economy," "gig economy," "on-demand
economy," "collaborative consumption," or "peer-to-peer economy." There are
differences among these ideas, but substantial overlap in concept.
    Examples of companies that facilitate an exchange of property or space:
        Airbnb (rent out a room or a house)
        RelayRides and Getaround (rent out a car)
        Liquid (rent out a bike)
    Examples of companies that facilitate exchanges of labor:
        Uber and Lyft (get a ride or share a ride)
        Taskrabbit (on-demand labor for a wide variety of tasks)
        Handy (house cleaning and home repair)
        Instacart (on-demand grocery-shopping services)

The Pluses and Minuses for Workers in the Sharing Economy

How to Improve the Sharing Economy for Workers

Taking into consideration the growing problems in the sharing economy, the
panelists provided solutions to help workers make a sustainable living. Below,
they suggest that workers in the sharing economy should have the rights to their
records and ratings in case they are let go or are switching between task
platforms.

In the video clip below, Wingham Rowan, director of Beyond Jobs, discusses how
data is key to help workers navigate the sharing economy. With a greater access
to data on where the jobs shortages are, the demand for certain jobs, etc.,
workers can make more profitable choices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

China's PMI at five-month high

BYLINE: Zheng Yangpeng

LENGTH: 623  words


The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

The preliminary Purchasing Managers Index for Chinese manufacturing in May beat
expectations with a five-month high, suggesting the world's second-largest
economy is stabilizing.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Economists optimistic over Chinese economy

LENGTH: 494  words


Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

Economists with a US think tank said the slowdown of China's property market
will have a negative effect on the Chinese economy but that it will be limited.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               Spalding Guardian

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Big enjoyment at model engineering show

LENGTH: 219  words


There was nothing small scale about Spalding's Model Engineering and Hobby show
at Springfield's event centre last weekend.

From the number of visitors to the enthusiasm of all involved the size of the
event was bigger and more successful than ever.

From boats, trains, air crafts and even robots, the event bought together clubs
from across the East of England.

Tim Webster, one of the organisers, said: "Engineering is the future. It's not
just the dirty career it once was, it's actually very technical.

There were trade stands for those already in the industry and working
demonstrations by XYZ Machine Tools to inspire new visitors, while remote
controlled models kept all ages entertained.

Durham Model Truck Club (DMTT) travelled furthest for the two day show.

Chris, from DMTT, said: "The model hobby interest is a complex, full scale
project. We need more young people in it.

"There's a lot of people out there who have got models but they don't come out
of the cupboard.

"It can be very educational. Everything is identical to a full scale unit."

Tim said he hopes more young people will be encouraged to get into engineering
after visiting the show as his dad is one of the youngest members of their
society at 62 years old.

He said: "It is certainly a worth while career with lots of exciting things
happening."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSGP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                January 08, 2014

Economic Forum By Prof. Nshuti P, Manasseh - Global Economic Crisis: Part Xix
[analysis]

LENGTH: 911 words


The financial crisis that has hit world economies is easing even among pessimist
economists, and financial experts. China (third largest economy after USA and
Japan) which is leading the recovery pack, recently posted a 7.8% GDP growth
against (-3% on average) negative growth posted by western economies for the
last financial period, and predict GDP growth of -1% by mid 2010.

As pointed out earlier, the pace at which policy mitigation measures can be
applied determines the extent to which recession is tamed in a given economy.

Chinese political economy, unlike their Russian counterparts, undertook
cautious, but methodic reforms leading into a moderate market economy.

They did not dismantle their command economic structures, which they have now
used effectively to mitigate the depth and length of current recession in their
economy.

This entailed fast tracking the stimulus packages they designed for their
financial systems, which reached their banks and non-banking financial
institutions fast enough (as US Congress and Senate were debating/blocking the
amount of the package), and put in place even fast measures to ensure that,
their financial systems increased credit (which they did at an alarming pace) to
the underlying economy.

African economies await the recovery of other economies for theirs to recover as
a consequence, essentially 'bystanders' in the recovery, as they were at the
onset of the crisis.

In this period of unusual financial meltdown, unusual measures work best, and
Chinese's fast-track policy reaction has made a huge difference in their
recovery process as the west reels on their bureaucratic baggage. But now,
Chinese are demanding (as pointed out in earlier articles) a shift from the use
of the dollar as unit of international reserve, pointing out that, US monetary
authorities can no longer be trusted to maintain prudent monetary and more so
fiscal policies (US's fiscal deficit has hit historical record of 1 trillion
dollars,) that can assure the international economy of future stability.

In this period of unusual financial meltdown, unusual measures work best, and
Chinese's fast-track policy reaction has made a huge difference

Their argument seems to be gaining currency among disillusioned financial
experts who point out that, in the last 50 years, US has had 10 recessions,
although most lasted for a short span. Through currency dynamics, such
recessions have sent secondary waves to other economies that use US dollar as a
unit of international reserve.

They further point out that, much as the current financial crisis originated
from policy blunders (mainly Bush Administration 'American Dream' zero equity
mortgage aimed at helping low-income families obtain mortgage) which gave rise
to US sub-prime mortgage markets and their disastrous derivatives, so was the
1929 Great Depression.

This depression( devastated world economies to the core) which lasted 10 years
was caused by US tight monetary policies that the US Federal reserve had
instituted at the time, and which led to stock market crash in October, 1929.

These policy blunders have all cost world economies huge amount of resources,
that will lend credence to this change of currency debate which is bound to gain
momentum as countries count and pick up their losses from the current recession.

Thus for instance, US economy will be exposed up to 23.7 trillion dollars as a
result of various stimuli packages extended to the economy to turn it around
(which is proximately two years of lost GDP).

If you add this to intervention by EU, Japan, China, and other economies, the
bill for disastrous policy actions could reach 32 trillion dollars. This is
approximately loss a half of world's GDP, twice of USA's GDP, and four Times of
EU's GDP in nominal terms.

Sub-Saharan Africa stands to lose around 50 billion of her 987 billion GDP, an
economy that is 14 times small than USA's GDP, and approximately the same size
as South Korean GDP!.

Such negligible economy amidst abundant resources questions our economic
governance performance of African leaders, and how far they need to go.

An economic national philosophy a kin to, or better than current population
control strategy, is over due.

However, China tabled currency change in recent G 8 meeting, but as expected was
ignored.

As Chinese economy grows however, the safety and stability of such huge economy,
will shift from economic debate and take on a strong political face. Brazil may
be sympathetic to Chinese cause, and could place the debate where it can be
heard. But as pointed in earlier articles, a currency is as both economic as it
is political, and this will not be a simple debate, considering the alliances in
the debate.

With regard to developing countries in Africa, this debate is irrelevant for
their reserves are so inconsequential, and erratic that, they need not 'worry'
in which currency their meagre 'savings' are held.

In any case most of these reserves are in form of donor/multinational funds who
decides in what form, and which institution they are kept.

In case of Rwanda, we have to run as other walk (as President Kagame emphasizes
to Rwandans and rightly so), the only trick is; when others are also running,
and faster, our national options are then open.

Good news is, our economic and political governance is one of the best in the
continent, so let us chase others. An economic national philosophy a kin to, or
better than current population control strategy, is over due.

Ends

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday

Confidence in Chinese economy

BYLINE: Jiang Shixue

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 953 words


Restructuring and releasing domestic demand will ensure the country maintains
sustainable and balanced growth

It used to be said that if the United States sneezed, the rest of the world
caught a cold. However the influence of the US economy on the global economy
seems to be waning, as the US slowdown has had little discernible effect on
growth in most other countries, except its neighbors, Canada and Mexico. The
conclusion is that the spillover effects of the US' economic slowdown are
limited and the global economy in the future might decouple from the US economy.

It has also been said that in the 1990s, whenever the world caught a cold,
emerging markets got pneumonia. But when the G7 economies got pneumonia in 2008,
emerging economies just caught a cold. When the US sub-prime mortgage crisis
developed into a global financial crisis, emerging economies, without exception,
were subject to the impact of this financial tsunami, however, the intensity was
less than expected. Through introducing large-scale stimulus plans, emerging
economies realized recovery in a relatively short period of time.

Recently, however, thanks to the cyclical changes of primary product prices in
the world market, the sluggish US economy and the European debt crisis and other
adverse factors, economic growth in emerging economies has slowed and there is
growing concern about the growth prospects of emerging economies, after a decade
of surging growth, in which they have led a global boom and then helped pull the
world economy forward in the face of the financial crisis.

The slowing of China's economic growth in the largest emerging market and the
world's second-largest economy has aroused worldwide concern. People are asking
whether China's economic slowdown will result in a hard landing, and whether the
government's reform program will be derailed by complex social problems, will
the China model become synonymous with failure, will the global economy slow
even more due to China's economic malaise?

However, people should have confidence in China's economic growth.

The current slowdown in China's economic growth is the result of the country's
efforts to transform its economic growth pattern. After more than 30 years of
high growth, China can no longer afford to continue with its old development
model of high consumption and high investment. It must find a balance between
steady growth, structural readjustment and further reform.

Since taking office in March, the new Chinese leadership has made the pursuit of
steady growth, improvement of people's livelihoods and the promotion of social
fairness its policy priorities. China's current moderate economic slowing is the
result of no big stimulus measures, structural reforms, the streamlining of
administration, accelerated urbanization and deleveraging.

China's economic fundamentals are strong, as its 7.6 percent GDP annual growth
in the first half of this year shows. China is facing new challenges, such as
local government debt and overcapacity in some industries, but these problems
are still manageable. In addition, both the 5 percent surveyed unemployment rate
and 2.4 percent inflation rate are reasonable and manageable.

In fact, in order to prevent excessive fluctuations in economic growth, the
Chinese government has defined upper and lower limits for the country's economic
performance. The upper limit is meant to prevent inflation and the lower limit
is intended to ensure steady growth and employment.

The government has and will continue to adopt a variety of measures to avoid a
hard landing. For example, it will continue to advance reforms of the fiscal and
tax systems, financial sector and pricing and further streamline government and
delegate power, develop a mixed ownership economy and strengthen innovation.

As Premier Li Keqiang has said, China's huge population comprises a market of
huge potential and expansion of domestic demand will continue to be one of the
main priorities for the government, which will seek to stimulate consumer demand
through reform of income distribution, further urbanization and energetically
developing the service industry. Meanwhile, China will keep a reasonable scale
of investment with priority given to energy conservation, environmental
protection, railway projects in the central and western regions, and municipal
facilities.

The Chinese economy will also continue to become more closely linked with the
global economy. Over the past 30 years, the global economy has benefited from
China's rapid development and the Chinese economy has benefited from the global
economy. With globalization accelerating, China will continue its opening-up.

In addition to the introduction of foreign investment, the government is
encouraging more enterprises to invest abroad, and it will continue to support
the Doha round of trade negotiations, and work for the signing of bilateral free
trade agreements with related countries, and will explore new ways to open China
to the outside world.

Of course, the world economy still has uncertainties. The anticipation that some
developed countries will exit their quantitative easing monetary policies has
caused huge capital backflows out of emerging economies, resulting in stock
market and foreign exchange fluctuations in many Asian countries. But the G20
summit in St. Petersburg delivered a positive and powerful signal that developed
countries and emerging economies are committed to taking decisive actions so as
to return to a path of strong, sustainable and balanced growth. China will play
an important role in this process.

The author is a research fellow with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.

(China Daily 09/17/2013 page8)

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday

Singapore trade growth plunges

LENGTH: 614 words


KUWAIT CITY, Sept 22: Singapore's economy is one of the most open and
competitive markets in the world. According to the 2011 World Bank Ease of Doing
Business Index, Singapore is ranked first in the world for doing business.

Its economy is based on an export-led growth model; thus, a slowdown in exports
can have serious repercussions on the country's domestic economy. Exports in
Singapore have been on a downward trend for the past two years, mainly due to
the slowdown in economic activity of its biggest trading partners: the US and
Europe.

Singapore exports shrank more than expected in August, highlighting fears that a
slowing Chinese economy and lackluster European demand will remain a drag on
Asian economies. Singapore's oil and non-oil exports have both been falling; in
fact, non-oil domestic exports fell by 11 per cent in August compared with the
same month last year, reversing the 5.7 per cent increase in July.

The dominant drag on non-oil exports still remains to be the electronics sector.
Electronic goods make up 60% of total non-oil exports because they are strongly
sensitive to changes in demand, it comes as no surprise that it is one of the
first sectors to get hit when global demand slows down and is an indicator of
upcoming weakness in the world's economy. This is followed by sluggish trade
data from China, South Korea and Taiwan.

What does the indicator tell us? The trade balance is the difference in value
between a country's total exports and imports, sparking fears that even the more
robust regions of the global economy are not immune from the slump in Western
countries. When a country is in a trade surplus, then it is a net exporter: its
exports are outweighing its imports in value.

For over a decade Singapore has been a net exporter of goods, thanks to its
strategic geographical location. Its economy is highly dependent on the 'Asian
model' of export-led growth, a model that was born in Japan.

Asian economies, particularly Asia's four 'tiger economies' (Singapore, Hong
Kong, Taiwan and South Korea) were inspired by Japan's economic lead after the
second world war, and after implementing the model back in the 1960s, saw their
economies boom, per capita income grow and poverty levels fall.

Over the past decade, tiger economies' exports as a share of GDP grew from 68%
to 98%. But becoming such a highly export dependent economy does not come
without its consequences: the on-going global economic slowdown is having
serious impacts on Singapore's economy. The fall in export demand is dragging
the country's GDP growth to dangerously low levels, a -0.7% negative growth rate
in August compared to the same month last year.

What are the economic and financial implications? Singapore's trade balance can
act as a barometer for global economic activity and more specifically, other
Asian economies which have largely been seen as a buffer for the world economy
given the slump in the West. With even Asian economies floundering, it has
increased uncertainty and lowered business and consumer confidence, the
repercussions of which are affecting the world economy.

This places further pressure on the Monetary Authority of Singapore to easy
policy next month. Traditionally, it has used its exchange rate rather than
interest rates as its policy tool for the trade-reliant economy.

Singapore's inflation rates fell in August and are at 3.6 percent which would be
the lowest since October 2010, when year-on-year inflation was 3.5 percent. This
could further push Singapore to relax its bias toward steady appreciation of the
Singapore dollar at its meeting next month, thereby making its exports
attractive and could possibly fuel global demand.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2012 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Macro-Economic Fundamentals

BYLINE: Nahas Angula

LENGTH: 1154  words


The macro-economic fundamentals underpinning economic policy in Namibia are
rooted in John Williamson's, Washington Consensus.

In her annual budget speeches HonourableSaara Kuugongelwa-Amadhila emphasises
the importance of fiscal discipline in order to curb unsustainable budget
deficits. Budget deficits could lead to high inflation and balance of payment
crises. She would talk about expenditure priorities which are pro-growth and and
pro-poor. She stresses liberal exchange rates, etc.

Our Minister of Trade and Industry, the Honourable Hage G. Geingob on his part,
would emphasise liberalisation of foreign direct investment. In the context of
the World Trade Organisation, Dr Geingob would remind us of trade
liberalisation. The only moot issue on the check-list of the Washington
Consensus is the question of privatisation of state owned enterprises. While
there is no political consensus in Namibia on the issue of privatisation,
organisations such as Namibia Wildlife Resorts have embarked on partial
privatisation. One recalls the privatisation of the land around Von Bach Dam.

The prescription of the Washington Consensus are sound but they are not
sufficient conditions for economic take-off. Yes, Namibia has enjoyed
macro-economic stability. Namibia has also recorded moderate economic growth of
3-4 per cent annually. This economic growth has largely benefitted foreign owned
extractive industries and financial intermediaries. Such growth was not a shared
growth. This type of economic growth creates unemployment. It is not
sustainable.

The challenge here is to adopt growth policies which will change the structure
of the economy. Changing the structure of the economy is not accounted for in
the Washington Consensus. We turn now to examine the structure of the Namibian
economy.

According to the Central Bureau of Statistics, the National Accounts for
2000-2009 show that the dominant sector in the Namibian economy is the
Government Services. Government Services constitute 20 per cent of the economic
activities. This means that Government is a significant player in the economy.
The second big player in the economy is mining and quarrying which contributes
17 per cent.

The mining and quarrying industry is predominantly foreign owned. It contributes
to the export of Namibian earnings through dividends, profits and payment for
procurement of goods and services abroad for mining. Mining and quarrying
extractive activities require a certain level of expertise, investments and
technology. Such elements are in short supply within the citizens of Namibia. If
Namibia aspires to enjoy a share in mining and quarrying Government must take
the lead. It is imperative therefore to capitalise and capacitate the Epangelo
Company.

The third player in the Namibian economy is manufacturing which contributes 13
per cent. The manufacturing sector is mostly concentrated in beverages, meat
products and fish processing. Now cement production is also taking place. For
this sector to grow some form of economic nationalism has to be adopted through
an infant industries protection regime. Competition regulatory regime is also
important to curb dumping and unfair competition practices by multinational
companies.

For the manufacturing sector to further expand a national Innovation Policy and
a National Innovation System must be put in place. The National Innovation
Policy should spell out the innovative strategy for technological capacity
building and upgrading. A National Innovation System should be developed through
public and private participation and the contribution by the institutions of
higher learning and sectoral research and development bodies. This should be a
national priority in order to boost the manufacturing sector.

The sectors of finance, real estate and business service; and wholesale and
retail trade, together contribute 22 per cent. These sectors, important as they
may be, do not create wealth as such. They are not the real economy. They are
intermediaries in the economy. The sad fact is that these sectors are also
predominantly foreign owned. They also contribute to the export of Namibian
earnings while contributing little to wealth creation.

Agriculture, forestry and fisheries contribute 9 per cent to the national
economy. These sectors are important because they consist of renewable
resources. The sectors also contribute significantly to employment creation.
There is a need therefore to invest more in these sectors.

Transport and communication contribute 5 per cent to the economy, while
construction contributes another 5 per cent. Hotels, restaurants and other
services contribute 6 per cent to the economy. These sectors contribute services
to the economy. Their importance cannot therefore be overemphasised.

The structure of the Namibian economy illustrates a branch plant economy.
Players in the Namibian economy are companies which are branches of foreign
mother companies: A branch plant economy does not have internal synergies for
sustained growth. In other words, the Namibian economy is neo-colonial. If
conditions for economic take-off were to be created the structural challenges in
our economy must be addressed. What are the strength and weaknesses in the
Namibian economy?

The neo-liberal policies of our Government have created necessary conditions to
build on. These included macro-economic stability; governance institutions;
sound physical infrastructure; communication infrastructure; national savings;
and political stability. These conditions though necessary are not however
sufficient to create the preconditions for take-off. There is therefore an
urgent need to conduct a national diagnosis of what Mr Rainer Ritter, in a
private communication, termed "growth constraints"

The key growth constraint in the Namibian economy is lack of technology
readiness. There is no system of knowledge production; knowledge diffusion;
knowledge use; and knowledge capability building. There is an urgent need,
therefore, to establish a National Innovation System.

The second growth constraint is the absence of a National Industrialisation
Strategy. Such a strategy should identify priority sectors for industrialisation
and invest accordingly.

Beneficiation of some minerals and value addition in sectors such as fisheries,
agriculture, meat products, etc should be looked into.

The third constraint is the indigenisation of the economy. As the economic
structure is transformed from raw materials extraction to manufacturing the new
opportunities created should benefit the indigenous people.

A further constraint to economic take-off is skilled labour. Economies are build
by artisans. Our skills development and technical education and training should
be closely linked to industries in order to produce demand driven skills.

These constraints can best be overcome through direct State interventions. The
Namibian State must therefore become a Developmental State.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           February 15, 2011 Tuesday

Economy shrinks in Japan, yet hopes rise;
Consumers spend less, but analysts expect better results in rest of year

BYLINE: BY HIROKO TABUCHI

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 737 words

DATELINE: TOKYO

ABSTRACT

Data released Monday showed the Japanese economy had contracted in the final
quarter of 2010, but the government forecast the economy would grow this year.

FULL TEXT

The Japanese economy contracted in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with the
previous three months, according to data released Monday, but analysts say they
are optimistic about the country's prospects in the coming year.

Gross domestic product fell 0.3 percent in the October-December quarter from the
previous quarter as generous government incentives for environmentally friendly
cars ended, resulting in a temporary decline in spending. At an annualized rate,
the economy shrank 1.1 percent from the previous quarter.

The contraction, the first in five quarters, reduced the economy to $5.47
trillion, the Japanese Cabinet Office said, compared with China's $5.88 trillion
economy.

The latest numbers were further evidence of China's rapid ascent as an economic
superpower. China surpassed Japan last summer after half-year gross domestic
product data were released. Five years ago, China's gross domestic product was
$2.3 trillion, at exchange rates then, about half that of Japan.

The Japanese economy has stagnated over the past two decades, resulting in a
continued decline in economic and political clout.

Japan had the world's second-largest economy, after that of the United States,
for much of the past four decades. In the 1980s, its rapid growth even led to
talk of the Japanese economy's overtaking that of the United States.

But while Japan's economy is now mature and its population quickly aging, China
is in the throes of urbanization and industrialization. Still, China's income
per capita is about $3,600, less than one-tenth that of the United States or
Japan.

The Japanese economy, however, has benefited from China's rapid growth,
initially as Japanese businesses have shifted production to China to take
advantage of lower costs, and later as Chinese incomes have risen, creating an
increasingly lucrative market for Japanese goods.

Though the Japanese economy contracted in the fourth quarter, it expanded 3.9
percent over all in 2010 compared with a year earlier, signaling a recovery from
a punishing recession after the global economic crisis.

Last month, the Japanese government said in its economic assessment that the
economy could soon rebound, as exports and factory output would be bolstered by
strong demand from China and other economies in Asia.

''While weakness will remain for the time being, the Japanese economy is
expected to pick up on improvements in overseas economies and effects of
government policy steps,'' Kaoru Yosano, the economy minister, said after the
release of the data Monday.

The government's outlook has lowered expectations that the Bank of Japan, which
is starting a two-day policy meeting Monday, will take imminent measures to ease
monetary policy.

In the October-December quarter, private consumption in Japan fell 0.7 percent
from the level in the previous quarter, dragged lower by the expiration in
September of generous government benefits for fuel-efficient cars. A tax
increase on tobacco in October depressed cigarette sales. Net exports were hurt
by a rise in the yen to 15-year highs, which has made Japanese exports less
competitive. Capital investment rose 0.9 percent from the level in the previous
quarter, falling short of the 1.5 percent pace recorded for July to September.

The data came two weeks after the credit ratings agency Standard & Poor's
downgraded Japan's long-term sovereign debt, to AA- from AA, three levels below
the highest possible rating. It was the first time S.&P. had downgraded Japanese
government debt since 2002.

A rival agency, Moody's, kept its Aa2 rating for Japan, its third-highest
rating, though it later warned that the assessment might be downgraded if the
country failed to carry out fiscal changes.

When S.&P. downgraded Japan, it said that the Japanese government had no
''coherent strategy'' to address its ballooning deficit and that its already
high debt burden was likely to continue to rise further than it had anticipated
before the financial crisis. A rapidly aging population is adding to the
country's problems, raising the likelihood of increasing social security and
pension obligations in the future.

The Japanese economic data did not appear to affect the Tokyo stock market. The
benchmark Nikkei 225 share average closed up 1.1 percent.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           February 15, 2011 Tuesday

Economy in Japan shrinks in 4th quarter;
Consumers spend less as tax break expires for fuel-efficient vehicles

BYLINE: BY HIROKO TABUCHI

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: TOKYO

ABSTRACT

Data released Monday showed the Japanese economy had contracted in the final
quarter of 2010, but the government forecast the economy would grow this year.

FULL TEXT

The Japanese economy contracted in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with the
previous three months, according to data released Monday, but analysts say they
are optimistic about the country's prospects for the rest of the year.

The Japanese gross domestic product fell 0.3 percent in the October-December
quarter from the previous quarter as generous government incentives for
environmentally friendly cars ended, resulting in a temporary decline in
spending. At an annualized rate, the economy shrank 1.1 percent from the
previous quarter.

The contraction, the first in five quarters, reduced the economy to $5.47
trillion, the Japanese Cabinet Office said, compared with China's $5.88 trillion
economy.

The latest numbers were further evidence of China's rapid ascent as an economic
superpower. China surpassed Japan last summer after half-year gross domestic
product data were released. Five years ago, China's gross domestic product was
$2.3 trillion, at exchange rates then, about half that of Japan.

The Japanese economy has stagnated over the past two decades, resulting in a
continued decline in economic and political clout.

Japan had the world's second-largest economy, after that of the United States,
for much of the past four decades. In the 1980s, its rapid growth even led to
talk of the Japanese economy's overtaking that of the United States.

But while Japan's economy is now mature and its population quickly aging, China
is in the throes of urbanization and industrialization. Still, China's income
per capita is about $3,600, less than one-tenth that of the United States or
Japan.

The Japanese economy, however, has benefited from China's rapid growth,
initially as Japanese businesses have shifted production to China to take
advantage of lower costs, and later as Chinese incomes have risen, creating an
increasingly lucrative market for Japanese goods.

Though the Japanese economy contracted in the fourth quarter, it expanded 3.9
percent over all in 2010 compared with a year earlier, signaling a recovery from
a punishing recession after the global economic crisis.

Last month, the Japanese government said in its economic assessment that the
economy could soon rebound, as exports and factory output would be bolstered by
strong demand from China and other economies in Asia.

''While weakness will remain for the time being, the Japanese economy is
expected to pick up on improvements in overseas economies and effects of
government policy steps,'' Kaoru Yosano, the economy minister, said after the
release of the data Monday.

The government's outlook has lowered expectations that the Bank of Japan, which
is starting a two-day policy meeting Monday, will take imminent measures to ease
monetary policy.

In the October-December quarter, private consumption in Japan fell 0.7, compared
with the level in the previous quarter, dragged lower by the expiration in
September of generous government benefits for fuel-efficient cars. A tax
increase on tobacco in October also hurt cigarette sales. Net exports were hurt
by a rise in the yen to 15-year highs, which has made Japan's exports less
competitive. Capital investment rose 0.9 percent from the level in the previous
quarter, falling short of the 1.5 percent pace recorded for July to September.

The data came two weeks after the credit ratings agency Standard & Poor's
downgraded Japan's long-term sovereign debt, to AA- from AA, three levels below
the highest possible rating. It was the first time S.&P. had downgraded Japanese
government debt since 2002.

A rival agency, Moody's, kept its Aa2 rating for Japan, its third-highest
rating, though it later warned that the assessment might be downgraded if the
nation failed to carry out fiscal changes.

When S.&P. downgraded Japan, it said that the Japanese government had no
''coherent strategy'' to address its ballooning deficit and that its already
high debt burden was likely to continue to rise further than it had anticipated
before the financial crisis. A rapidly aging population is adding to the
country's problems, raising the likelihood of increasing social security and
pension obligations in the future.

The Japanese economic data did not appear to affect the Tokyo stock market. The
benchmark Nikkei 225-share average closed up 1.1 percent.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

Airlines add service below business class;
Innovation is step up from economy

BYLINE: Susan Stellin - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 893 words


There is a new class of service emerging in the aircraft cabin. It fits between
economy and business class, both in amenities and price.

It offers a better seat, more legroom, priority boarding and fancier meal
service than coach.

The only catch is, you cannot find anything comparable on any American airline.

Although ''premium economy'' fares have been available on some Asian and
European carriers for more than a decade, a handful have raised the ante
recently by carving out a separate cabin in their aircraft for business
travelers on a budget and leisure travelers willing to pay extra for a more
comfortable flight. Demand for premium economy seats may actually be helped by
the slowing economy as companies tighten their spending and restrict
business-class travel.

Virgin Atlantic overhauled its premium economy service last year, the new
British Airways airline OpenSkies started its ''prem-plus'' cabin in mid-June,
and Qantas Airways and Japan Airlines plan to introduce their premium economy
services on routes to the United States later this year.

''It's a smart business move, because there's been what I call 'class creep' on
an airplane,'' said Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst with Forrester Research.
''What's now called business class is almost what first class used to be. So
premium economy is more like what business class used to be back in the 1980s,
akin in many ways to U.S. domestic first class in terms of legroom.''

In fact, the economy cabin has fallen so far in travelers' esteem that OpenSkies
is calling its middle cabin ''prem-plus'' - avoiding the word ''economy.''

''It's not premium economy,'' said Dale Moss, managing director for OpenSkies,
just after the carrier's inaugural flight landed at John F. Kennedy Airport in
New York two weeks ago.

Describing the airline's prem-plus cabin, which has 28 seats with a roomy
52-inch, or 1.32-meter, pitch (the distance between the back of the seat and the
seat in front of it), Moss emphasized, ''It's a business-class seat, as opposed
to a business-class bed.''

The leather seat is 20 inches wide and reclines to a 140-degree angle (flat
would be 180 degrees) with an adjustable leg rest and lumbar support.

OpenSkies currently flies one Boeing 757 aircraft between Paris Orly airport and
John F. Kennedy and plans to add five planes on routes from New York to Europe
by the end of 2009. Prem-plus fares start at $1,650 round trip, including taxes
and fees, through July 4 and then will rise to $2,256.

Although a 757 typically carries 200 or more passengers, OpenSkies has 82 seats,
with 24 in business class and 30 in economy.

But that breakdown may shift, depending on customer response to each cabin, Moss
said.

Given the economy and the response to the ''premium economy'' concept on other
carriers, this new middle class may have found its moment. Virgin Atlantic,
which introduced its original premium economy product in 1992 when companies
were downsizing after the Gulf war, redesigned and expanded that part of the
cabin last year.

Chris Rossi, the airline's senior vice president for North America, said Virgin
Atlantic had seen less corporate ''trading down'' lately, yet premium economy
bookings have increased 20 percent over the last 10 months.

Virgin Atlantic's premium economy seat is 21 inches wide with a 38-inch seat
pitch and includes priority check-in, priority boarding and baggage claim, a
pre-flight drink, an amenity kit and enhanced meal service.

British Airways also offers a separate premium economy cabin, called World
Traveller Plus, which was introduced in 2000 and recently got a makeover with
new fabric cushion and headrest covers and upgrades like noise-reducing
headsets. Its seats are 18.5 inches wide with a 38-inch pitch. On both British
Airways and Virgin, premium economy fares from New York to London start at
$1,891, including taxes and fees.

Across the Pacific, Japan Airlines and Qantas Airways both introduced premium
economy cabins last fall, and plan to extend them to flights to the United
States later this year.

Japan Airlines' premium economy service will make its debut on its Tokyo to New
York route on Aug. 1, featuring a ''sky shell seat'' that reclines within a
stationary hard shell to avoid encroaching on the traveler seated behind.

In November, Qantas Airways will introduce its premium economy service to
flights between Australia and Los Angeles. The new cabin is priced at about
twice the economy fare and half of the business-class fare, said Lesley Grant, a
Qantas group general manager.

Frank Schnur, vice president for advisory services with American Express
Business Travel, said the company has seen more interest in premium economy
among its corporate clients, particularly since the beginning of the year.

But carriers in the United States do not seem to be embracing the concept. While
United Airlines has ''economy plus'' seating, it offers a few more inches of
legroom than economy but not the upgraded seat.

While acknowledging the financial challenges that American carriers face,
Harteveldt attributed their absence in this arena to lack of interest in
passengers outside the expensive cabins.

''People will pay an above-average price for something that's tangibly better,
so kudos to the airlines that recognize this,'' he said. ''The ones that don't
are going to wonder, 'Where did my profitable customers go?'''

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                  May 02, 2006
                              Business Day Edition

From insight to another empty phrase

BYLINE: Norman Reynolds and Johan van Zyl

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 983  words


DUAL ECONOMY/

From insight to another empty phrase

DURING his 2003 state of the nation address, President Thabo Mbeki acknowledged,
for the first time, that SA is a "dual economy". Since then that fundamental
policy insight has degenerated into a piece of trivia, yet another politically
correct phrase: the "second economy". For many, it is simply a new name for the
"informal economy". Government still has to reflect on what a "dual economy" is,
how it came about and is structured, and what such economic duality requires in
policy and programme terms. Most citizens still live as economic prisoners of
the nonworking, marginalised local economies of township and rural areas.

Mbeki has presented a picture of the first and the second economies as a
double-storey house. On the top floor are the rich, living well. Stuck on the
bottom floor, with no ladders to reach the top floor, are the majority of South
Africans, who are poor. This depiction calls for investment, for more
"delivery", in education and skills, in economic infrastructure and so on, which
creates the ladders for the poor to join the rich.

There are two problems with this analogy and its solution.

Firstly, today, the "global" economy that provides for the rich on the top floor
can no longer provide employment for all. Under globalisation, in order to
compete, there has to be highly capital-intense production that displaces labour
and rewards internationally privileged capital, distorted exchange rates,
subsided exports, or exploited labour.

Second, government's R240bn-odd spent annually in the "marginalised" areas
generates little local economic activity.

The developed first economy of SA has indeed been growing. It rewards mainly
capital and international corporate investment and is wedded to cheap energy.
This "growth" is seen in rising profits and tax revenues. Meanwhile, our overall
unemployment and poverty problems worsen.

An appropriate depiction of the "dual" economy starts with the fact that the
bottom floor contains the "marginalised" majority of the population whose
dependence on the "global" first economy for jobs, goods and services remains
almost total. Money does not "stay to work", to stimulate new economic activity
in these poor areas. Incomes are almost immediately "spent back" into SA's
"global" economy. These areas are characterised not just by high levels of
unemployment but by very high levels of overall economic inactivity.

In two recent surveys in Sekhukhune and Soweto, about 80% of families reported
no significant economic activity by unemployed adults. These communities are so
economically dysfunctional that they are incapable of self-generated development
and growth. Hence the recent urgency to provide a comprehensive social welfare
net - even if that "solution" treats only the symptoms of poverty and digs a big
expenditure hole.

It would also increase basic economic dependency and inactivity.

The main difference between the two economies can be simply illustrated by the
concept of the local "income multiplier":

R100 that enters Sandton or any other part of SA's "global" economy "stays to
work": it circulates about seven to 10 times before it "leaks outside" to pay
for imports or is sent by government to pay a teacher's salary in a village.
That R100 of new income generates about R800 or more of additional economic
activity in the "global" economy.

R100 that arrives by way of income, remittance or pension in Soweto or the
Transkei leaves almost immediately on a taxi to buy "global" goods and services
in the nearest town or shopping mall. The local income multiplier in these poor
areas is only about 1,3. That means that it generates only R30 of new local
economic activity. Small wonder that there is little or no local production in
the townships and rural areas. They are "cash deserts" for 20 or more days of
each month.

The "dual economy" is what it says: two separate economies that operate
differently. Consequently, they require two different sets of policies and
programmes to stimulate their internal development and growth. This basic policy
insight has remained unrecognised by government and its advisers.

The emerging truth is that the "global" first economy cannot, on its own,
achieve high levels of growth and stable development for all. The "marginalised"
second economy must also become a major driver of the national economy. What
should be a vast mass market for locally produced goods and services serving
about 30-million poor citizens is limping along at, probably, just 25% of its
potential. Crime, poor health and schooling hurt the "global" economy and might
undermine it.

Today, it is realised that the dual-economy model requires a set of
"localisation" policies and programmes that focus on the nonfunctioning nature
of SA's many marginalised local economies. It is only once these marginalised
areas become economically active, and more than half the population can enjoy
rewarding local economic activity, that the national economic potential can rise
to the point where our major poverty and unemployment problem would finally be
eliminated - not just alleviated.

A more appropriate economic model for the marginalised areas would start from
the amended proposition - not as per Say's Law, that "supply creates its own
demand", suited to the closed economies of 19th-century Europe. We must learn to
aim for "demand creation that calls forth local supply (production)".

This will take special measures to ensure that such production remains
substantially local. These local demand- and production-creating measures
include a variety of specific new instruments. They are part of a new framework
for local economic development that government is examining.

Dr Reynolds is a development economist, directs Earth Africa, and is a member of
Gobodo Business Solutions. Prof van Zyl is an independent consultant in economic
and business affairs.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            February 27, 2006 Monday

Gray economy accounts for 27%

BYLINE: Ko Kyoung tae

LENGTH: 284 words


Korea's underground economy accounts for 27.5 percent of the nation's total
output, well above the average of other developed economies, according to a
research paper by local economists.

To reduce the size of the untaxed portion of the economy, Jeon Tae young,
business economics professor of Gyeongsang National University, said the
government needs to lower indirect tax burdens and strengthen its protection for
private property rights.

He argued an increase in indirect tax burdens would cause the underground
economy to grow, making it necessary to reduce excise and value added tax rates.

The report also emphasized the government's protective measures for private
property could curb the growth of the shadow economy, saying in Korea such
protection still did not reach the average of 110 economies included in the
survey.

Korea's underground economy is estimated to be proportionately larger than the
average 18 percent of member countries of the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development, the Paris based club of rich nations.

According to the report, the world's most transparent economy is the United
States, for which the shadow economy accounts for less than 9 percent of its
GDP.

The report also noted that in Asia, Japan had the smallest untaxed portion of
11.3 percent in its economy.

While Korea's gray economy has been declining since the late 1970s, experts say
it needs to contract further in order to expand the tax base and narrow the
taxation gap between wage earners and the self employed.

(kkt@heraldm.com)

The LG Economic Research Institute released a report last year that said the
gray economy in Korea was valued at about 160 trillion won ($160 billion).

(kkt@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

To fix S'pore economy, govt must step aside

                          September 20, 2003 Saturday

Manu Bhaskaran


IF ONE studies recent trends in Singapore's economy, a number of sobering
conclusions emerge. First, the challenges we face are intensifying but the
economy does not appear to be adapting effectively to them. Second, the
economy's slow adjustment is at least partly due to the unintended consequences
of past, well-intentioned policies which have created structural weaknesses in
the economy. What Singapore needs, therefore, is policy changes that tackle the
roots of slow adjustment.

The challenges go beyond the well-reported rise of China. Economies are working
harder to improve competitiveness, thus eating into Singapore's share of global
exports and foreign investments and constantly surprising us by their ability to
win business - as PSA's loss of two top customers showed.

In addition, a deflationary global economy has placed immense pressure on the
profits of global companies, forcing them to restructure to reduce costs. Even
with a decent global recovery likely, Singapore will face fresh challenges as
global corporations embark on a new wave of outsourcing of services to cheaper
locations such as India, China, the Philippines and Malaysia.

Furthermore, new technologies also lead to rapid changes in Singapore's
competitive position which are difficult for any government planner to predict.
Finally, with all its benefits, globalisation also produces many, unanticipated
shocks - like financial crises in emerging countries, bubbles in developed
economies, and political shocks.

Immense implications

These changes have immense implications for Singapore. Singapore's relatively
high-cost economy, which depends heavily on a 'top-down' policy model,
investments by cost-cutting global corporations and a limited number of growth
engines, does not seem suited to this more volatile, deflationary global economy
marked by such unpredictable shocks. Neither does the economy seem prepared for
a regional hinterland which, despite signs of a recovery, is less dynamic and
more unstable than before.

Certainly, our economy has adapted to some extent - policies have changed,
companies are restructuring, some high-value investments such as pharmaceuticals
have come and costs have declined. But has the adjustment gone far enough? Not
really, if one judges by the economy's substantially-lower GDP growth track,
which has seen Singapore underperforming previous laggards such as India in the
past five years. Worse, the economy, which used to be remarkably resilient in
the past, is now much more volatile than before.

What is also worrying is that Singapore no longer appears capable of generating
superior returns to investors, like in the past. Compared with other economies
in the Asia-Pacific, Singapore used to deliver a premium return to US MNCs - but
since the Asian crisis of 1997-98, this premium has declined, and it actually
turned into a discount in 2001. (Data for 2002 shows a recovery but anomalies in
the data make it suspect.) In other words, whereas we used to be a premium
economy charging premium costs, now we are a sub-premium economy but still
charging premium costs!

Why has Singapore's adjustment been inadequate? Some say that our local
businessmen are just not good enough. This does not sound right. In any
well-functioning economy, competition forces bad businessmen out of business
and, generally, good business decision-makers prevail. Therefore, weaknesses in
the underlying economic structure seem a more reasonable explanation. At the end
of the day, economic adjustment involves resource re-allocation, which is
usually effected by companies re-allocating labour, land and capital in response
to the price signals that they receive from the economy.

Analysis of these underlying structures points in the direction of some
potential problems: The government still holds sway over the corporate sector
and savings regime.

Government-linked companies and other entities associated with the government
(for example, NTUC's businesses and other government agencies like the Singapore
Land Authority) make up a substantial portion of corporate Singapore. While it
is true that these companies are mostly run for profit, it does not necessarily
follow that all of them are as responsive as purely private companies to market
signals.

What is more, without an adequate competition policy in place, some degree of
monopolistic corporate behaviour is also inevitable. Moreover, a large part of
national savings in Singapore is mobilised through government, rather than
market, channels. This means that capital - the most basic element of a
capitalist economy - is not really allocated through market mechanisms. Strong
government influence reduces role of market-determined prices.

Prices are the key to efficient resource allocation, but if government has a
dominant influence in the supply and pricing of key inputs, then the prices
facing businesses are unlikely to produce the best results for the economy as a
whole.

Consider the costs directly influenced by government: the government owns most
of the land in Singapore - it is the government, rather than the market, which
determines the cost of land. Labour costs are heavily influenced by the
government through foreign worker quotas and levies and through its influence
over key labour market institutions such as the National Wages Council.

As mentioned, the government, by mobilising such a large proportion of savings
in Singapore, also unduly influences the cost of capital here. With key prices
heavily determined by government behaviour rather than market forces, resource
allocation is less driven by the market. Centralised government-dominated
economic decision-making weakens adjustment.

If a single brain, the government, is so heavily involved in the corporate
sector and is also influencing prices of key factors in the economy, we get a
situation of relatively undiversified economic decision-making. This is not
healthy.

It may have worked well in a simpler economy facing fewer competitors and where
changes to competitiveness were not as rapid as is the case now.

In today's economy, we notice the risk of correlated errors in the economy -
mistaken economic decisions reinforcing each other rather than cancelling out as
in most (though admittedly not all) market economies. The over-allocation of the
nation's savings to real estate is but one, now regretted, example of correlated
errors.

So what is to be done? It is vital to tackle the root of the problem. This means
a much more comprehensive reduction of the government's role in the economy, for
instance, through more rapid privatisation - including that of land and of the
Government of Singapore Investment Corporation. It also means tackling
policy-induced costs such as state pricing of land, transportation costs and
regulatory costs. A more rapid implementation of a comprehensive Competition Act
is also vital if we are to create a level playing field for entrepreneurship to
truly blossom. But boosting entrepreneurship will also require a more radical
liberalisation of the savings regime.

Perhaps, there was a time when it made sense for a small economy to rely on a
strong government hand. In today's much more complex economy though, it is
actually risky to rely on a single set of decision-makers, no matter how
well-intentioned and talented they may be.

No single decision-maker can possibly grasp and stay ahead of the rapidly
changing global economy. It is far better to rely on the cumulative business
decisions of thousands of companies and individuals operating in an efficient
market setting - since they are the ones who know their operating conditions
best and who can more knowledgeably and flexibly respond to these changing
circumstances.

The author is partner and head of economic research at the Centennial Group, a
private consulting firm

SECTION: VIEWS AND OPINIONS; BT Comment Soap Box

LENGTH: 1313 words

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              334 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                             January 4, 2002 Friday

Editorial;
Rx for economic doldrums

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1068 words


The world economy is meeting the new year shrouded in the thunderheads built up
from the aftereffects of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the United States and
the uncertainties of the future.

According to the most recent economic outlook, released late last year by the
International Monetary Fund, the world economy is projected to post a 2.4
percent growth in real terms this year.

When compared with the average economic growth of the world over the past 20
years, this year's figure will still be higher than the 1.1 percent growth
posted in 1982 and the 1.4 percent growth in 1991.

More serious, however, is what the figures do not show this time: All the major
industrialized countries, including the United States, Japan and Germany, have
seen their economies slow down.

Since last autumn, leading firms have been crashing all over the globe. In the
United States, the Houston-based energy-marketing firm Enron Corp. went under,
while in Japan, leading retail chain operator Mycal Corp. and midsize general
contractor Aoki Corp. failed.

Private companies are not the only ones on the brink of collapse. Political and
economic turmoil have forced Argentina, one of Latin America's leading
economies, to declare a moratorium on repayment of its sizable external debt,
amplifying the uncertainty of the world economy.

While the global economy has become ever more fragile, we should use any means
to prevent the triggering of a global recession by the recurrence of
simultaneous acts of international terrorism, escalation in conflicts in certain
countries or regions, political and social turmoil or economic crises.

Shortly after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, financial authorities in Japan,
the United States and Europe pumped funds into their financial markets and
succeeded in holding market confusion in check.

This experience teaches the value of countries coordinating their policies with
each other.

Small factors can add up

Nonetheless, there are small factors that could help pull the world economy back
from the brink of crisis.

First is a factor related to the terrorist attacks on the United States, which
caused a rapid deterioration of the world economy and also major anxiety over
the future.

The U.S.-led military operations against a network of international terrorists
progressed much more quickly than anticipated, bringing down Afghanistan's
Taliban regime and cornering Al-Qaida head Osama bin Laden, thought to be the
mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks.

Should anxiety over the future die down, some economists think the U.S. economy
may start picking up in the second half of this year due to the accumulated
positive effects of 11 rounds of rate cuts made since early last year and the
implementation of a U.S. economic stimulus package, now being deliberated in
Congress.

If the U.S. economy hits bottom and imports pick up, Asian and Latin American
economies will feel the positive effects.

A smooth start to a new round of World Trade Organization multilateral trade
talks later this month would promote free trade, revitalizing the global
economy.

In Europe, the euro, the new single currency that debuted Tuesday, is expected
to accelerate the pace of economic integration of member countries, centering on
the euro zone, thus promoting structural reform and revitalizing the regional
economy.

Yet all these factors are still mere possibilities.

For them to become realities that will help the world economy weather the
current storm, all countries must try harder.

Japan biggest risk factor

The problem is that the Japanese economy, which should lead the world economy
into recovery along with those of the United States and European countries,
poses the biggest risk to the world economy.

The recent trend of the yen's depreciation against the dollar and the euro
underscores the increasingly dim prospects of the Japanese economy, and private
international credit-rating agencies have downgraded Japan to the lowest rung of
the seven leading industrialized nations.

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development warned in its report
on the Japanese economy that the economy is in danger of entering a deflationary
spiral due to the delay in disposing of bad loans held by financial
institutions.

In an unusual move, the IMF also urged Japan to take the necessary
countermeasures, such as further quantitative monetary easing, to contain
deflation.

Behind all this lie fears that a global depression could begin in Japan.

A Japanese economy that sees no prospects of riding out the current critical
phase may be in danger of dropping out of the global economy in the medium and
long term.

In the global economy, not only multinational worldwide frameworks such as the
WTO and the IMF are active, but so are more and more crossborder movements such
as the European Union and the North American Free Trade Agreement.

China has become conspicuous by its rise.

China joined the WTO late last year, finally joining the global free trade club.
With a fevered economic growth of more than 7 percent and a cheap but skilled
workforce, the country has been luring direct foreign investment from around the
world into its vast consumer market.

Power leakage dangerous

Japanese companies are transferring their production overseas, hollowing out the
nation's industrial structure. The Association of Southeast Asian Nations did
not choose Japan but China as the first country to negotiate with over a
possible free trade agreement.

If things continue in their present course, the Japanese economy could lose its
relative power in East Asia and the world, and end up on a long road to decline.

Japan thus obviously needs to do its utmost to revive the sluggish economy, get
it back on the recovery track and stop the hollowing out of its industries.

At the same time, Japan should also play a leading role in creating a new
framework for recovery and development in East Asia.

Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi will set off on his ASEAN tour on Wednesday, in
which he is expected to propose the creation of an action plan for a
comprehensive economic partnership agreement that includes an FTA. We hope
Japan's commitment will be the first step toward strengthening wide-ranging
partnerships in trade and currency between Japan and countries in the region.

(From Jan. 4 Yomiuri Shimbun)

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              335 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 19, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

Wall Street;
 Old and new economies are really one big tent

BYLINE: Tom Walker, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 8H

LENGTH: 706 words

The value of cliches is that they are instantly recognizable. It's the same
principle as casting Gary Cooper as the sheriff in "High Noon." As good guy
personified, you don't need to waste valuable screen time explaining it to the
audience.

That's also the role of the latest Wall Street cliches, especially in the week
just ended.

The cliches are "new economy" and "old economy."

Actually, they function as a single cliche since they always appear together and
get their meanings from each other.

The problem is they are fiction. There's only one economy that has lots of
different kinds of companies in it that we can conveniently abstract into
classes.

Still, the new economy/old economy dichotomy has its uses, especially to the
press. As cliches that everybody recognizes, they save newsprint space.

The new economy, of course, refers to companies --- probably no more than 100
--- that have attracted so many investors their share prices have soared.

They trade mostly in the Nasdaq market and are listed in the Nasdaq composite
index. That's why that index surged 85 percent in the last five months.

These are the stocks of companies that provide Internet access to businesses and
consumers, sell lots of software, computers, computer chips and various services
--- everything embraced by the concept of technology in its newest sense.

That last phrase is important, since technology is a neutral term. About 150
years ago it referred to the telegraph, 100 years ago to electricity, 75 years
ago to the automobile, 50 years ago to television and now to the computer and
its various permutations.

The old economy refers to companies that make all the gadgets we need to live
--- and can now afford, thanks to money we've made in the stock market.

They are owners of the big brand names: Coca-Cola, Gillette, Procter & Gamble,
Dial, Caterpillar, Chrysler, Alcoa, DuPont, McDonald's, Bank of America. You get
the idea.

These companies are also big borrowers, which is a problem now that the Federal
Reserve has decided to raise interest rates to prevent an outbreak of inflation.

Higher interest rates not only crimp their business styles, they are a threat to
the companies' profit growth. This is what bothers investors, given that profit
growth drives the market.

Technology companies allegedly are not in such a pickle. They don't borrow as
much money from banks, preferring to use venture capital and stock offerings.

Since most of them aren't profitable anyway, there's nothing to be threatened
--- except the investor's fantasy that sometime in the distant future they will
be wonderfully profitable.

Fiction or not, investors flooded into new-economy stocks, abandoning old-
economy stocks. Their buying stretched the new economy like a rubber band, while
their selling dumped old-economy stocks into the bargain basement.

The rubber band finally snapped last week on the new economy, and the bargain
basement opened for business on the old-economy laggards.

As for what comes next, the Federal Reserve meets on Tuesday. Since everybody
expects the Fed policy-makers to raise interest rates for the fifth time since
last June, it probably won't make much difference on Wall Street if they do.

If Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is correct in his thesis that the new economy is
marked by a preference for high-tech, productivity-enhancing investment, then
it's likely that technology --- and the Nasdaq --- will continue to dominate the
market for a long time to come.

The blue chips will also recover. Some strategists look for new economy stocks
to end the year higher than they began.

Meanwhile, don't buy into the argument that tech stocks really are immune to the
Fed's rate increases. If their low-tech customers don't buy their high- tech
products, both economies suffer.

There really is just one economy that provides the goods and services we need to
survive and live well --- and which also satisfied our lust for new cliches.
The Federal Reserve meets on Tuesday. Since everybody expects the Fed
policy-makers to raise interest rates for the fifth time since last June, it
probably won't make much difference on Wall Street if they do.

e-mail: twalker@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              336 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           January 31, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

A budgetary balancing act

BYLINE: Michael Atkinson and Murray Fulton, Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 696  words


Now that the budget has been sold to the Liberals, the country's attention
shifts to whether the Harper government will be able to sell it to Canadians.
This political game, however, obscures the real issue: Will the budget address
the fundamental problems facing the economy at the current time?

Getting budgets right requires assembling a package that speaks to three
economies -- the real economy, the political economy, and the behavioural
economy. Most budgets have to get only one of these correct, which is difficult
enough. When all three need to be addressed, which is the case today, the result
is a balancing act that is extraordinarily difficult to achieve.

The behavioural economy is both a psychological and a social construction. It is
the tenor of the times, the zeitgeist, and the public's "confidence" all rolled
into one. It is "behavioural" because people act on the basis of their beliefs,
no matter what their factual foundation. As we have seen over the last few
years, the behavioural economy can be "irrational," like the "irrational
exuberance" of the dot com and housing bubbles.

Today's irrationality is the now default tendency of consumers to stop spending,
of investors to stop investing and bankers to stop lending. When everyone begins
to behave like this, the result is an economic meltdown. To be successful, the
budget has to create an atmosphere that discourages this kind of behaviour.
Failure to do so will scuttle everything else.

One way to fail is to get the political economy wrong. The political economy is
about firms, sectors and governments, all of which have their hands out for
their share of the promised stimulus package. Economists spend a lot of time
talking about the radically different character of the various provincial
economies and economic sectors, but from the political economy point of view
none of this matters much. What matters is what will sell on the floor of the
House of Commons, in provincial legislatures and in executive offices across the
country.

Finally, there is the real economy.

How much stimulus is really needed? Which types of spending will have the
greatest impact on GDP growth and employment numbers? It is crucial that at some
point the behavioural and real economies must match, more or less. If the real
outcomes don't match up with beliefs, the beliefs cannot be sustained. In short,
optimism can only be maintained if it actually generates a favourable outcome.

With this week's budget the die is now cast; we have a massive stimulus package.
Grumbling aside, it appears to have met the needs of the political economy. A
wide array of measures has been launched and almost every province and sector of
the economy has been included. Whether the budget meets the requirements of the
real and behavioural economies, however, is an open question.

The behavioural economy is about confidence and generating confidence is a
global imperative. Stephen Harper can claim to have made a contribution, but now
he must promote his budget with conviction -- not easy for someone raised as a
Friedmanite.

And while he sells his budget to Canadians, financial markets will be watching.
These markets have been hard hit by behavioural factors -- indeed, many solid
and profitable activities are being shelved because financing is not forthcoming
due to bankers' loss of confidence. Whether by persuasion or coercion (and there
is some hint that Finance Minister Jim Flaherty will use the latter if the
former fails), bankers must be made to believe.

While the political game in Ottawa will attract attention in the short term,
those interested in the real economy need to focus their thoughts on financial
markets. Stimulus packages are important not just for the spending they promote,
but also for the expectations they create. Positive expectations both loosen
credit restrictions and require freer-flowing credit to make stimulus spending
effective. It is here that the real and the behavioural economies converge.

- Atkinson is executive director of the Johnson-Shoyama Graduate School of
Public Policy at the University of Regina and the University of Saskatchewan,
and Fulton is a professor in the school.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday

New Dubai strategy focuses on Islamic economy

BYLINE: Staff Report

LENGTH: 521 words


Strategy includes identifying indicators to monitor key economic sectors

Staff Report

Dubai: The Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre (DIEDC) announced on Tuesday
the launch of a new strategy for 2017-2021, concentrating on the development of
the Islamic economy system.

The strategy also includes identifying new performance indicators for monitoring
growth of key sectors and measuring their contribution to the UAE's economy.

The strategy focuses on ensuring long-term impact, and its main objective is to
lead the growth of the Islamic economy sectors on a local, regional, and
international scale, and to set a benchmark for the Islamic ecosystem worldwide.

The strategy was launched under the directives of Shaikh Hamdan Bin Mohammad Bin
Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai, Chairman of Dubai Executive Council
and General Supervisor of the Dubai Capital of Islamic Economy initiative.

"The new strategy uses a two-pronged approach. The first part concentrates on
the development of the Islamic economy system and includes identifying new key
performance indicators for monitoring the growth of important sectors and
measuring their contribution to the national economy. The second component
includes enhancing Dubai's status as a global reference for Islamic finance,
industry, trading standards and culture, and as a prime destination for Halal
trade and family tourism," Shaikh Hamdan said.

He added, "Contrary to what some may think, Islamic economy does not belong to
the past -- rather, it is firmly rooted in the present and the future. Achieving
progress is meaningless without sustainability, financial security, and economic
stability."

Earlier, a board meeting of DIEDC, headed by Sultan Bin Saeed Al Mansouri, the
UAE's Minister of Economy and Chairman of DIEDC, unanimously approved the new
strategy that will continue to consolidate the position of Dubai and the UAE on
the global Islamic economy map.

The strategy has three pillars; Islamic finance, Halal sector, and Islamic
lifestyle that includes culture, art, fashion and family tourism.

Al Mansouri stressed the Islamic economy's ability to diversify national income
and contribute to building a post-oil economy.

"Rather than defining Islamic economy or advocating its importance, DIEDC's
latest goal is to demonstrate the positive impact of Islamic economy on overall
socioeconomic development. To fulfil this objective, we need to establish the
structural framework of the ecosystem. Finance, production and consumption must
feature in it as integrated systems aligned with the UN Sustainable Development
Goals -- especially in terms of managing resources and preserving the
environment," Al Mansouri said.

He said that one of the main objectives was to increase the contribution of
Islamic economy to the gross domestic product.

Al Mansouri highlighted the keenness of emerging economies in Asia, Europe,
Africa, and Latin America to establish partnerships with Dubai and the wider UAE
in diverse Islamic economy sectors. He linked this trend to the efforts of these
countries to increase the contribution of Islamic economy to their own national
GDPs.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2017 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

We should be confident in China's economic future

BYLINE: Song Zhe

LENGTH: 901  words


China's economy has been undergoing an unprecedented transformation in recent
years.

Song Zhe explains why he is upbeat about the future of the nation's economy,
noting its progress in many important areas, such as rising living standards and
that China is also making a great contribution to the global economy

Editor's note: Song Zhe, commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, shared his views on the country's
economy in a written article published in the Wednesday edition of the Hong Kong
Economic Journal. Following are some excerpts from the original.

China's economy has been undergoing an unprecedented transformation in recent
years. This process has been accompanied by incessant criticism which has
inevitably clouded some Hong Kong people's views of the country. I find this
situation worrying and have shared my views about this on various occasions. Now
I'd like to explain where my confidence in the country's economy comes from one
more time.

First of all, my confidence stems from the economic fundamentals which continue
to be more stable.

Like the great majority of economies around the world, Chinese economy has
slowed down significantly after the global financial crisis of 2008. Its GDP
growth rate fell from 10.4 percent in 2010 to 6.9 percent in 2015. Although the
slowdown was quite sharp it was not the kind of free fall other economies
experienced. China's economy has been stabilizing, slowly but surely. In 2016
the world economy mostly remained weak; while China has made a sound start of
the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-20). Growth in the overall economy was not only
steadier but also a bit faster.

The country's economy, in the past year, can certainly be described as stable.
At the same time it achieved progress in many areas. One is that the quality of
growth improved noticeably; another is that the economic structure continued to
develop, with the transition of growth engines from the old to the new going at
a faster pace. People's living standards continued to rise.

Second, I am also confident in the central government's ability to address major
issues with the right policies.

The central government has acknowledged the outstanding problems found in the
process of economic development. It has taken positive measures to solve them.
At the annual economic work conference of the Central Committee of the Communist
Party of China last year, State leaders determined the biggest problems with the
economy were the structural imbalance between supply and demand, the imbalance
between the real economy and finance, and the imbalance between the property
market and the real economy. They decided the only way to fix these problems was
to launch a supply-side structural reform. This aims to reduce redundant supply
as much as possible to achieve equilibrium of supply and demand. This will go
further this year - so will the campaign to reduce stockpiling, deleverage, and
rationalizing the property market.

Third, my confidence comes from understanding that socialism with Chinese
characteristics is an advanced social system.

Competitions between nations are ultimately competitions between social systems.
The reform and opening-up has been going on for almost 40 years. China has been
able to maintain relatively steady economic growth because it enjoys the
protection of a relatively advanced social system. As General Secretary Xi
Jinping said in his speech marking the 95th anniversary of the Communist Party
of China on July 1 last year, "Socialism with Chinese characteristics is the
foundation for the systematic protection of China's development and progress in
today's world." In my opinion the strength of socialism with Chinese
characteristics is demonstrated in four aspects of economic development:

1. Maintaining the leadership of the Communist Party of China - which is
essential to socialism with Chinese characteristics.

2. Keeping the philosophy of development centered on the people so their
fundamental interests are well served and improved.

3. Following a fundamental law that production must meet the needs of the people
and help with the overall development of society.

4. The ability to go with trends of the times and to improve. The Communist
Party has come to the conclusion, based on careful studies, that developing
socialism with Chinese characteristics is the best system for China's future.

Last but not the least, my confidence in China's economy comes from the great
contribution it has made to the world economy.

It is undeniable that China is the greatest contributor to the growth in the
world economy nowadays. According to some calculations, China's economy
contributed more than 50 percent of the growth of the world economy in
2009-2011. Even though it has slowed down since 2012, China's economy continued
to contribute more than 30 percent of the world's growth. In 2016, according to
the estimates of the International Monetary Fund, China likely contributed close
to 40 percent of the world's growth, or 1.2 percentage points, compared with 0.3
by the US, 0.2 by Europe and 0.1 by Japan.

It is worth noting that China is one of the most important markets for
commodities and services in the world. This role is expected to grow as Chinese
consumers' income increases.

(HK Edition 01/12/2017 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1495/51/148418229862.jpg

f04da2db112219e107350a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2017 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

The world economy without China

LENGTH: 1093 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Oct. 25 -- Is the Chinese economy about to implode? With its debt
overhangs and property bubbles, its zombie state-owned enterprises and
struggling banks, China is increasingly portrayed as the next disaster in a
crisis-prone world.

I remain convinced that such fears are overblown, and that China has the
strategy, wherewithal, and commitment to achieve a dramatic structural
transformation into a services-based consumer society while successfully dodging
daunting cyclical headwinds. But I certainly recognize that this is now a
minority opinion.

For example, US Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew continues to express the rather
puzzling view that the United States "can't be the only engine in the world
economy." Actually, it's not: the Chinese economy is on track to contribute well
over four times as much to global growth as the US this year. But maybe Lew is
already assuming the worst for China in his assessment of the world economy.

So what if the China doubters are right? What if China's economy does indeed
come crashing down, with its growth rate plunging into low single digits, or
even negative territory, as would be the case in most crisis economies? China
would suffer, of course, but so would an already-shaky global economy. With all
the handwringing over the Chinese economy, it's worth considering this thought
experiment in detail.

For starters, without China, the world economy would already be in recession.
China's growth rate this year appears set to hit 6.7% - considerably higher than
most forecasters have been expecting. According to the International Monetary
Fund (IMF) - the official arbiter of global economic metrics - the Chinese
economy accounts for 17.3% of world gross domestic product or GDP (measured on a
purchasing-power-parity basis). A 6.7% increase in Chinese real GDP thus
translates into about 1.2 percentage points of world growth. Absent China, that
contribution would need to be subtracted from the IMF's downwardly revised 3.1%
estimate for world GDP growth in 2016, dragging it down to 1.9% - well below the
2.5% threshold commonly associated with global recessions.

Of course, that's just the direct effect of a world without China. Then there
are cross-border linkages with other major economies.

The so-called resource economies - namely, Australia, New Zealand, Canada,
Russia, and Brazil - would be hit especially hard. As a resource-intensive
growth juggernaut, China has transformed these economies, which collectively
account for nearly 9.0% of world GDP. While all of them argue that they have
diversified economic structures that are not overly dependent on Chinese
commodity demand, currency markets say otherwise: whenever China's growth
expectations are revised - upward or downward - their exchange rates move in
tandem. The IMF currently projects that these five economies will contract by a
combined 0.7% in 2016, reflecting ongoing recessions in Russia and Brazil and
modest growth in the other three. Needless to say, in a China implosion
scenario, this baseline estimate would be revised downward significantly.

The same would be the case for China's Asian trading partners - most of which
remain export-dependent economies, with the Chinese market their largest source
of external demand. That is true not only of smaller Asian developing economies
such as Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand, but also of the larger and
more developed economies in the region, such as Japan, Korea, and Taiwan.
Collectively, these six China-dependent Asian economies make up another 11% of
world GDP. A China implosion could easily knock at least one percentage point
off their combined growth rate.

The United States is also a case in point. China is America's third-largest and
most rapidly growing export market. In a China-implosion scenario, that export
demand would all but dry up - knocking approximately 0.2-0.3 percentage points
off already subpar US economic growth of around 1.6% in 2016.

Finally, there is Europe to consider. Growth in Germany, long the engine of an
otherwise sclerotic Continental economy, remains heavily dependent on exports.
That is due increasingly to the importance of China - now Germany's
third-largest export market, after the European Union (EU) and the United
States. In a China implosion scenario, German economic growth could also be
significantly lower, dragging down the rest of a German-led Europe.

Interestingly, in its just-released October update of the World Economic
Outlook, the IMF devotes an entire chapter to what it calls a China spillover
analysis - a model-based assessment of the global impacts of a China slowdown.
Consistent with the arguments above, the IMF focuses on linkages to commodity
exporters, Asian exporters, and what they call "systemic advanced economies"
(Germany, Japan, and the US) that would be most exposed to a Chinese downturn.
By their reckoning, the impact on Asia would be the largest, followed closely by
the resource economies; the sensitivity of the three developed economies is
estimated to be about half that of China's non-Japan Asian trading partners.

The IMF research suggests that China's global spillovers would add about another
25% to the direct effects of China's growth shortfall. That means that if
Chinese economic growth vanished into thin air, in accordance with our thought
experiment, the sum of the direct effects (1.2 percentage points of global
growth) and indirect spillovers (roughly another 0.3 percentage points) would
essentially halve the current baseline estimate of 2016 global growth, from 3.1%
to 1.6%. While that would be far short of the record 0.1% global contraction in
2009, it wouldn't be much different than two earlier deep world recessions, in
1975 (1% growth) and 1982 (0.7%).

I may be one of the only China optimists left. While I am hardly upbeat about
prospects for the global economy, I think the world faces far bigger problems
than a major meltdown in China. Yet I would be the first to concede that a
post-crisis world economy without Chinese growth would be in grave difficulty.
China bears need to be careful what they wish for.

Stephen S. Roach, a faculty member at Yale University and a former chairman of
Morgan Stanley Asia, is the author of Unbalanced: The Codependency of America
and China. Project Syndicate, 2016.

distribution@project-syndicate.org

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         Zimbabwe Independent (Harare)

                                 July 15, 2016

Zimbabwe's Riots - the Rise of the Informal Trader and a New Political Economy

LENGTH: 1124 words


THE protest by Zimbabweans against police road blocks and banned imports
highlights a new political economy that is rising on the back of informalisation
of the economy, writes Professor Ian Scoones of the University of Sussex:

The upheaval sweeping through Zimbabwe comes with a new economic and political
reality - the informalisation of the country's economy. In Zimbabwe today, the
informal sector is the economy.

In Beitbridge, on the border with South Africa, furious cross-border traders set
fire to a warehouse in protest against import bans recently imposed. In Harare
taxi operators protested against the cost of continuous police road blocks,
where spot fines are extracted.

Both these incidents highlight how Zimbabwe's economy has changed dramatically.
Formal unemployment runs at 90% or more, but this doesn't mean that all these
people are not doing things. They are, but not in the jobs of the past.

Livelihoods are improvised and flexible. Different ways of earning income -
farming, trading, dealing, manufacturing, mining, selling services and a host of
other distributive activities - have been combined. These shifts are reliant on
deeply embedded social relationships.

But little is known about the informal economy. And policies often upset and
disrupt, rather than support and nurture. So it is no surprise that the
government's decision to arbitrarily impose import controls - on everything from
mayonnaise to body lotion and building materials - was resisted. In the name of
domestic manufacturing protection, the livelihoods of many thousands of traders
who bring goods from South Africa were affected. No wonder they were angry.

Nature of the informal economy

The informalisation of the economy is a pattern across Africa, as James Ferguson
eloquently describes. New networks of economic activity have emerged, as has a
vibrant spirit of innovation and entrepreneurship. This is in the context of
extreme hardship for sure, as economies fail to deliver equitable growth.

Ferguson argues that the improvised livelihoods of the poor are creating a new
distributive economy, and with this a distributive politics. This is having a
major impact on the way we understand African political economy - and not only
in Zimbabwe.

The shock is perhaps greater in Zimbabwe, as in the past the "formal" sector was
larger and stable, where "jobs" and "wages" were expected, especially for men at
a certain age. But the post-structural adjustment growth of informality is a
phenomenon everywhere; and is accelerating, especially in countries where
reliance on a core commodity sector was the economy of the past.

Thus the informal sector - a huge and massively varied category - represents a
very substantial proportion of Africa's economic activity. In the rural areas
this has always been the case - small-scale farming dominates and rural dwellers
have always engaged in a diverse range of activities, both on and off farm.

Today such complex livelihoods are the norm in town too. The jobs of the past in
the factories, mines, farms and so on no longer exist. When they appear, the
jobs come temporarily. The alternative is a set of activities that don't fit the
former expectation of a "job" or "employment", and are so not counted as such.

Ever since Keith Hart wrote about Africa's informal economy long ago, many
people have pointed to its importance. In recent years, there has been a growth
in scholarship that has attempted to grapple with the economic, social,
cultural, political and geographical dimensions of informal economies. These
include the excellent work of Kate Meagher in Nigeria and more broadly.

Ignored, dismissed, berated

But in public policy, statistical data collection and media commentary, the new
real economy in so many places has been ignored, dismissed or berated. Responses
have been inappropriate too.

Formalising the informal is not the point, and attempts at converting everything
into a projectified "small enterprise" are misguided. Controlling and regulating
will not work, and will be resisted, sometimes violently. And yes, while much
activity is outside the ambit of the state, and not taxable, it is the lifeblood
of the economy - and certainly is in Zimbabwe.

Yet glorifying and romanticising the informal is not the solution either. Living
in the informal sphere is tough. Informal activity is precarious, fragile,
sometimes illegal and often subject to arbitrary taxation from those in
authority. This is the case with the road blocks affecting informal transport
operators across Zimbabwe. Incomes are small and highly variable and the costs
of patronage, coercion and control can be high, economically and
psychologically.

The events of the last few weeks in Zimbabwe point to the need for a new
accommodation between the informal and formal and between the economies and
livelihoods of the 90% and the state. A new political economy is emerging, where
the class relations of the past are no longer relevant. State-economy-citizen
relations must be rethought.

Rather than imagining the informal economy as somehow outside, and needing to be
brought in, it has to be thought of as central to development. Providing
support, generating legitimacy, assuring accountability and preventing
exploitative predatory, patronage relations are all roles for the state; ones
that the Zimbabwean state is failing on currently.

This means attempts at controlling, regulating and incorporating have to be
avoided, despite the knee-jerk temptations. These are the key lessons from
rioting in Beitbridge and Harare. The 90%, after all, are the electorate. They
will protest in many ways if livelihoods in increasingly difficult circumstances
are jeopardised.

This does not mean that attempts to rebuild the formal sector should cease. Far
from it. Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa was in London making that case for
Zimbabwe last week to the usual howls of protest. But the refinancing that will
hopefully flow from the International Financial Institutions and other private
investors will need to find its way to the new economy, and not just prop up the
old.

For in the longer term, it is the informal entrepreneur, the niche market
trader, the small-scale artisan and manufacturer and the smallholder farmer who
will scale up and multiply the massive, but uncounted and perennially
unsupported informal economy.

Managing and supporting such a transition is the central economic challenge of
the future. The standard models and forms of expertise derived from the old
economy are inadequate. A new politics and economy of the informal urgently
needs inventing.

A version of this post first appeared in Zimbabweland.

Ian Scoones is a professorial fellow at the Institute of Development Studies at
the University of Sussex.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             Algeria Press Service

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Putting digital economy at the service of national economy, says Mouatassam
Boudiaf

BYLINE: redacteuren7@apsdz.no-ip.org (FLIH)

LENGTH: 251 words


ALGIERS- The new ministry deputy ministry in charge of digital economy and the
modernization of financial systems has made it a priority to set up the
ecosystem of digital economy and to ensure its profitability to national economy
.

"The priorities are to lay the foundations and to set up the ecosystem and
digital economy in our country to allow its development, durability and to
ensure its profitability to national economy," underlined the Deputy Minister to
the Minister of Finance, in charge of Digital Economy and Modernization of
Financial Systems, Mouatassam Boudiaf in an interview granted to APS.

"It is a social project with a transversal approach which concerns us all in a
general way but more particularly some players," he explained.

In this regard, he said that "this social project is set up in levels:
technological, technical and regalia around an outstanding human capital."

When asked about the reason of merging digital economy to the modernization of
financial systems un one ministry, Boudiaf said that they are two complementary
missions.

"The modernization of financial systems is at the centre of digital economy, it
is even a part of this economy," he said, underlining that this modernization
will concern all the entities coming under the sector of Finances but will
concern first and foremost Banks, the Taxes, the Budget and Customs.

APS  2016.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/136/386/98/146728850309.jpg

Putting digital economy at the service of national economy, says Mouatassam
Boudiaf

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 386


                               Copyright 2016 APS
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           Cameroon Tribune (Yaoundé)

                                 April 12, 2016

'Cameroon Can Use Digital Economy As Way-Out' [interview]

BYLINE: Victorine Biy Nfor

LENGTH: 1039 words


By Dr Ariel Ngnitedem (PhD), Economist and Public Finance Expert, talks on the
opportunities and benefits of digital economy.

Digital economy is a new concept in Cameroon. What is the place of this notion
in the growth of the country's economy?

Simply put, the place of the digital economy is central if not critical to the
growth of any country's economy. It is even more so to the Cameroon's economy
which is not only in dire need of exportations in order to mitigate its growing
trade deficit, but also experiencing huge competitiveness problems both quality
and quantity wise.

That is, in order to mitigate the weaknesses and threats to its competitiveness
due to economic structural and governance pitfalls, Cameroon could use the
digital economy as a way out or a viable alternative to the traditional economy.
For instance, a sound e-business and e-commerce systems could help farmers in
the rural and remote areas and businessmen and women in the informal sector to
sell their products or buy fertilizers and other inputs for their activities

What are some of the probable challenges to developing digital economy in
Cameroon?

As the digital economy is based on digital computing technologies, the first
challenge is the access to the digital computing technologies popularly known as
the supporting infrastructure made off of hardware (computers and other handheld
devices like cell phones and iPods), software, telecommunication infrastructure,
networks, etc...

The challenge here is to make this supporting infrastructure accessible to the
greatest number of potential buyers and sellers, to potential businessmen and
women who are willing to conduct business online both with the private and the
public sector, including from registering a business to paying bills and taxes.

The second challenge is the availability and the access to the main components
of the digital economy namely the e-business and the e-commerce. The challenge
here is to design and put in place secured e-business and e-commerce systems
readily available and functional both in urban and rural areas with all the
actors involved.

This requires having a functional e-government with laws, regulations, rules and
a good number of government services available online. It also requires a highly
secured e-banking system that offers its customers the possibility to conduct
banking operations online including paying for goods and services with credit
cards, etc... It finally requires a reliable e-postal service which allows
customers to send and receive goods bought online including tracking them
online.

How can the concept be developed in spite of the wide digital divide?

In a developing country like Cameroon where the digital divide is a reality the
concept of digital economy can still be developed. One way of developing this
concept in spite of the wide digital divide is to rely on cyberspaces like
cybercafés by promoting and sponsoring their creation in rural areas and poor
neighbourhoods in urban areas and making their access cheaper and affordable for
villagers and poor or under privilege urban dwellers.

Another way out is to rely on handheld devices like cell phones and the likes
that are the most viable alternative means to curb the digital divide in
developing countries in general and in Sub-Saharan African (SSA) countries in
particular. As the rate of penetration of cell phones and handheld devices is
growing tremendously both in rural areas and poor neighbourhoods in urban areas
in SSA, promoting the development of cell phone based e-business and e-commerce
applications will go a long way to develop the concept of digital economy
despite a wide digital divide

What is role of the private sector and the civil society in this process?

The private sector has a very important role to play in the process of
developing the digital economy in Cameroon as it is a development partner to the
government and a main actor of the digital economy. Not only, does it partner
with the public sector for the putting in place of the supporting
infrastructure, but also it is mostly the one who actually makes the concept
work. There cannot be a vibrant digital economy without a vibrant private
sector. The role of the civil society is a sort of an arbitration role, a
whistle blower role. The civil society should make sure that neither the public
sector nor the private sector commits abuses towards its customers, or crosses
its boundaries. It should make sure that the rights of consumers are rightly
safeguarded and protected.

What sectors of activity can be developed through the concept?

Barely all sectors of the economy could be boosted through the development of
the concept of digital economy including the primary, the secondary and the
tertiary sector. This said, the primary sector and the tertiary sector are the
ones that are the most likely to benefit more from a well-developed digital
economy. In fact, a well-developed digital economy will make it easier, faster
and cheaper to bring services (tertiary sector) to the digital marketplace
because they are tangible in nature.

Also, a well-developed digital economy will make it easier to bring exposure to
farming products from potential buyers and by so doing will allow farmers to get
access to a greater customer base. It will also make it easier to farmers to
shop for their production inputs in the digital marketplace

Government is already laying the groundwork for the sustainable development of
the concept. What should the committee in charge watch out for?

The Committee in charge of laying the groundwork for the sustainable development
of the digital economy should watch out for one or two things. The first thing
to watch out for is the security of financial transactions conducted online. It
should make sure that the payment systems are highly secured from the payment
devices to bank accounts. The second thing to watch out for is the scams and
identity theft.

The Committee should guarantee scam-free payment systems to all buyers and
protect the identity of all those who choose to conduct businesses online. Last
but not the least the Committee should watch out for lost or theft of goods
bought and sent online or goods bought online and not sent by the seller.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Iranian commentary urges 11th government to reduce size

LENGTH: 1194 words


Text of commentary by Hadi Gholamhoseyni entitled "Reducing the size of the
government and the independence of the Central Bank is the prescription to heal
Iran's economy: reduce the size of the largest government of Iran" published by
hardline Iranian daily Javan on 2 August

For more than 50 years economists and economic experts have been stressing the
sickness of Iran's economy and have published thousands of articles and papers
about it. This has gone to the point where the malfunctions in the economic
system have become palpable to the people.

What should be done? Where is the problem? In the short term how can we find a
prescription for the economic illness in Iran's present circumstances where
important phenomena like Dutch disease and Iran's unjust economic sanctions have
brought Iran to the brink of stagflation?

Apart from the historic pathologies and the profound view, an effort will be
made in this article to delineate as simply as possible the basic challenge of
Iran's economy and the solutions under consideration for improving the situation
as quickly as possible. In a sound economy the size of each economic sector has
been defined and if one of the economic sectors diverges from its essential
responsibility, the economy undoubtedly gets out of its natural state and
becomes ill. The government and the Central Bank are mainly at fault for the
economic problems.

For example if as policymaker the government forgets its correct policymaking
role and increases its domination of the economy and economic activity, the
government itself, which in principle is seen as a body that must exist in the
economy, comes to be seen as the problem.

On the other hand if a body like the bank, which in Iran does 90 per cent of the
financial procurement in the economy, deviates from its lawful restrictions and
prerogatives as a body whose existence is essential for the life of the system,
it is identified as a challenge in the economy.

In this the Central Bank is the body that governs the banks and it is considered
the creator of the problem in Iran's economy.

Naming the above two bodies, meaning the government and the bank, is not without
reason, because these two bodies play a significant role in disrupting the
correct form of Iran's economy.

The government has become excessively large.

With the backing of oil revenue the government continues every day to take over
more of the economy and other sectors; it has created conditions where it has
gone from being a big policymaker to a large economic player (which is
responsible for at least 70 per cent of the economy).

As Iran's largest economic player the government undoubtedly has large
expenditures. When it cannot acquire foreign exchange revenues because of
sanctions constraints, with sharp reductions in its development and subsidy
expenditures it is obliged to procure only its consumption expenditures, which
have no benefit for the economy.

In confirming the above one must say that the 11th Government is considering 210
trillion tumans as the general budget even though the operational general budget
in the year 92 [21 March 2013 -20 March 2014] was about 100 trillion tumans.

For the year 93 [21 March 2014 -20 March 2014] the development budget is only 28
trillion tumans. The government therefore has about 170 trillion tumans
remaining for its two main expense items, meaning the consumption budget and
subsidies.

The 11th Government's 150 Trillion Tumans in Consumption Expenditures

Assuming the 11th Government spends 20 trillion on transitional expenses or
subsidies, expenditures on its consumption and current expenses are still 150
trillion tumans. Thus one can see that despite the sanctions the 11th Government
is the most costly government in Iran's history.

To understand the above figure one can say it is about four or five times
greater than the total cash subsidies the government pays to the people in a
year.

Why the Central Bank Is Independent

On the other hand because of the lack of independence of the Central Bank as the
most powerful financial body in the economy that has the job of overseeing
proper financial procurement in the economy, all banks and financial and credit
institutions overseen by this body have forgotten their intermediary role in the
economy and have become strong players in the economy.

If we compare the economy to a human being, currency in circulation is like the
blood of this system and the bank is like its heart that pumps currency into the
other sectors.

The Central Bank's lack of independence in Iran's economy has caused this body
to become the government's money-printing machine so the government now owes the
Central Bank and other banks about 100 trillion tumans. The absence of correct
Central Bank laws over banks and financial institutions in the economy has
caused about 80 trillion tumans in unpaid debts to accumulate in the economy.

On the other hand the authorized and unauthorized enterprises and companies
owned by banks and financial institutions has taken about 100 trillion tumans
out of the economy's currency in circulation.

The aggregate of the above figures shows that about half of the nation's
currency in circulation has gone out of Iran's economic system. It is therefore
not out of place that with the volume of currency in circulation at 600
trillion, the production sector is complaining about the lack of working capital
and cash.

Increasing Capital with the Aim of Hiding the Bankruptcy of Banks

In continuing one must say that without a doubt most of the nation's banks are
considered bankrupt because the base capital of 400 trillion in the banks along
with all of their assets in Iran's economy with its deepening recession is not
enough to cover their debts to depositors and shareholders.

This is the reason for the solution of increasing investment to get banks out of
the present circumstances and to pay a few loans to production, and its
implementation is being pursued.

Thus as was said the government and the bank as the two main players in Iran's
economy are considered the origin of all the existing economic problems. Now the
best solution for improving Iran's economic conditions is correct implementation
of the supreme leader's overall propagated policies of Constitution Article 144
to reduce the size of the government and its consumption expenditures and also
to make the Central Bank independent to deregulate financial procurement in the
overall economy.

Finally if the 11th Government really wants to improve Iran's economic
circumstances it must reduce the size of the government in the nation's budget
with a privatization regime and it must then create conditions for making the
Islamic Republic Central Bank independent with the help of the other powers, the
elders and those concerned about the system. If the matters discussed are not
implemented in the years to come, one can claim with confidence that the 11th
Government's economic magnum opus will never turn out well and projects like the
package for a non-inflationary exit from recession will merely delay for a few
days the tsunami of deepening and intensifying stagflation.

Source: Javan, Tehran, in Persian 2 Aug 14

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Conference The Knowledge-Based Bio-Economy Towards 2020

LENGTH: 2529  words

DATELINE: Brussels


Brussels, Sept. 16 -- European Commission has issued following Press Release:

Vice-Minister Lieten,

Honourable Members of the European Parliament,

Ladies and Gentlemen,

I am very pleased to open the plenary session of this conference on The
Knowledge-Based Bio-Economy Towards 2020, with such a distinguished assembly of
scientists, policy makers and representatives from industry and civil society
organisations from Europe and further afield.

I would particularly like to thank Vice Minister Lieten and the Belgian
Presidency of the EU for organising this conference in cooperation with the
European Commission. And let me also thank the Members of the European
Parliament who are here today for your continuing interest in and support for
our vision of the European Bio-Economy.

What do we mean by the European "Bio-Economy"? Well, technically speaking, the
Bio-Economy is "that part of the economy that generates growth and jobs from the
development, processing and use of biological resources in an environmentally
sustainable manner".

But here's an alternative definition, which I think says so much more:

"Worth nearly two Trillion Euro, the European Bio-Economy provides around 22
million jobs in Europe, across sectors as diverse as agriculture, forestry,
fisheries, food, chemicals, and biofuels."

This is the impressive reality of the European Bio-economy. It is an
indispensable part of all of our lives and plays a major role in making our
lives better. Stakeholders in the Bio-Economy are hard at work providing new
knowledge and innovation, fuelling economic growth and generating and sustaining
employment.

The Europe 2020 Strategy tabled by the European Commission in March this year is
an ambitious, transformational agenda, designed to turn Europe into a smart,
sustainable and socially-inclusive market economy. It will help Europe out of
the recent economic crisis, so that through innovation we can build long-term
sustainable growth to guarantee an economically stable future. These are
ambitious and far reaching objectives, but necessary ones. They are objectives
that we cannot afford to miss, and the Bio-Economy plays an important role in
delivering these objectives.

By its very nature, as a relatively new part of the European economy, and
capitalising on cutting edge research and new technologies, the Bio-Economy has
been at the forefront of innovation. And there it must stay, because innovation
is the biggest game in town. And it is the role of innovation that I want to
emphasise today - what it means for the Bio-Economy, what it means for the
European Union and what it means for each and every one of us.

One of the most important tools to achieving the ambitions of the Europe 2020
Strategy will be the upcoming Innovation Union Flagship. It will propose a raft
of bold actions, to make Europe a true Innovation Union. It will require great
commitment and great effort from all the relevant actors across Europe. It will
underline the importance of innovation as a means of regaining and improving our
competitiveness in the rapidly-changing global economy.

The Innovation Union will use all relevant resources and policy instruments at
its disposal, at local, regional, national and European levels, across all
relevant policy areas and sectors.

The Innovation Union Flagship will reflect a broad and inclusive view of
innovation, to include innovation in business models, management structures and
processes; innovation in how the public sector delivers services, as well as
innovation in design and marketing.

The Bio-Economy goes beyond technological innovation to present new
opportunities for social innovation and improving lives for all, for example, by
offering coastal and rural communities possibilities to diversify their
activities. It offers products that make our lives healthier, safer and easier.
And some of these products - such as plastics and household cleaning products
that are biodegradable and compostable - are showcased today in the "Bio-economy
Bazaar" which takes place just outside.

The Innovation Union Flagship will be ambitious. Europe needs to become more
competitive, and we need to be more innovative to tackle not just economic and
industrial challenges but also the other challenges faced by our society now and
in the coming decades.

I am talking about the issues that really matter to people, and which will
affect the quality of their lives, such as fighting climate change; using scarce
resources more wisely and efficiently; and healthy living for the growing number
of older people in Europe. In an age of austerity, it is right to focus on the
issues that citizens care about most. So, we intend to launch a small number of
targeted Innovation Partnerships in areas where clear and measurable goals can
be defined and with a direct link to a societal challenge. For example, the goal
of adding additional healthy years to the lives of older people.

These Partnerships will provide a framework for pooling resources and bringing
together key actors and relevant policies and instruments; simultaneously
unblocking bottlenecks and building bridges. They will not be a brand-new
instrument as such; rather they will weave together in a new way the many
existing instruments already in play.

We must ensure that research and innovation have the critical mass of resources
needed to make a significant impact on the societal challenges. I am determined
to ensure that the Framework Programme will continue to provide the much-needed
investment in research from which innovation can flow.

The Commission is also exploring how different sources of funding, such as the
Structural Funds, can be oriented towards supporting Innovation in Europe.
Indeed, addressing societal challenges while capitalising on economic
opportunities is at the core of the Europe 2020 Strategy. The market potential
for European industry will influence the choice of the Innovation Partnerships.

I like to think of the Innovation Partnerships as a fast track for innovation -
speeding up breakthroughs and making sure these are more cleverly and rapidly
deployed. I see them as a great opportunity to simplify our actions and focus
them on our priorities - the big societal challenges.

The Bio-Economy has a key role in promoting innovation that addresses major
societal challenges such as pressure on our natural resources - including land,
fossil fuels and fish stocks. Innovation in the Bio-Economy can help us tackle
climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions and adapting the
agricultural sector accordingly. We need a vibrant, innovative Bio-Economy to
ensure a safe, affordable and healthy food supply.

And how else does the Bio-Economy reflect the objectives of the Innovation
Union? The Bio-economy is multidisciplinary in nature and it pushes us to be
interdisciplinary in our approach and to overcome the segmentation of research
and innovation into narrow themes. It is therefore well placed to show how we
can work together to build an Innovation Union where we avoid duplication of
efforts and tackle the fragmentation that undermines the efficiency of European
research. The Innovation Union will champion cross-sectoral and cross-thematic
innovative approaches, because the answers to our economic problems and societal
challenges will not be found in one single discipline. We need a wide range of
actors from different sectors to pull together. We need innovation from many
sources.

The Bio-Economy also has great potential for better integration of societal
challenges in our research agendas, for reinforced links between science and
industry and a greater coherence between our various policies and funding
instruments. All these issues will be addressed in the upcoming Innovation Union
Flagship.

The Bio-Economy can do much to achieve our goal of an Innovation Union. But what
can we, at the European level, do for the Bio-Economy?

The idea of tying the various sectors of the Bio-Economy into a common policy
framework at the European level was born around five years ago. The UK and
German Presidencies gave it their blessing at the time and a special theme for
the Bio-Economy was created in the 7th Framework Programme, dedicating nearly 2
billion Euro to Food, Agriculture and Fisheries and Biotechnology research. The
Bio-Economy also connects to a wide range of interfacing European policies,
including the EU's policies on Climate and Energy, Fisheries and Maritime
affairs, the Common Agricultural Policy and European Enterprise policies. I am
committed to exploring with my fellow Commissioners how to strengthen links
between the research and innovation component of the Bio-Economy and these
important EU policies.

At European level, we are in tune with Member States, several of whom are
developing national strategies and action plans to support the Bio-Economy. For
example, Denmark has recently produced an Agreement on Green Growth. The
Netherlands has launched an agenda for the creation of an interdepartmental
programme on the bio-based economy from 2010 to 2015. In Germany,
recommendations were recently made for research into the Bio-Economy, calling
for a multi-disciplinary approach and seeking out partnerships across different
sectors and policy domains.

There is also growing interest in the concept of the Bio-Economy at global
level. And we need to work together with our international partners to find
global solutions to the global challenges we face. We have established close
ties with India, China and Russia, to name but a few. There is close cooperation
with the US in the framework of EC-US Task Force on Biotechnology Research,
which celebrated its 20h anniversary this year. And we expect to extend
cooperation with the US in the area of the Bio-Economy and bio-based products in
the framework of the Transatlantic Economic Cooperation Initiative. And I am
pleased to highlight the launch tomorrow of a new initiative - the International
Bio-Economy Forum - between the Commission and Australia, Canada and New
Zealand, to foster collaboration and joint actions to promote innovation in the
Bio-Economy.

Today, Europe has a strong life sciences and biotechnology research base to
support the development of a sustainable and smart Bio-Economy. It has a leading
position in chemical and enzyme industries and a fast growing biotechnologies
sector. However, a lot of work still needs to be done in order to fully exploit
the potential of the sector today and ensure that Europe remains competitive
tomorrow.

We need to be quicker and more ambitious in deploying research results and new
technologies in the markets for industrial and social innovation, and for
addressing societal challenges.

Supply-side and demand-side policy actions at European and Member State level
are often launched in isolation and without the proper engagement of end-users.
In addition, certain technologies may cause public misgivings, which may limit
the potential in Europe if these cannot be properly addressed. We will not
unleash the full potential of the Bio-Economy in Europe without a reinforced
framework that brings together different scientific disciplines, policy areas
and stakeholders. And the full engagement of citizens is essential to ensure a
smooth transition to an economy that is driven by "the bio-revolution".

As a result, and in line with Europe 2020, the time is right to launch a
European strategy on the development of a bio-economy. What do we want to
achieve with a Bio-Economy strategy and what could be the impacts?

The Bio-Economy strategy will aim to reinforce European leadership in the
biosciences. Developing the relevant technologies will require investment in the
knowledge triangle of education, research and innovation to ensure that Europe
has the skills it needs to maintain and increase jobs in the Bio-Economy.

To fully exploit the knowledge developed, to accelerate the path from research
to innovation, we need a more efficient framework for the transfer of results
into marketable products and services.

We also need to improve the efficiency of production systems, ensure safe,
nutritious and affordable food, and of course reduce greenhouse gas emissions
and our dependence on fossil-based resources. The Bio-Economy strategy will also
seek to stimulate economic growth, especially the competitiveness of SMEs, and
aim to make rural and coastal communities more sustainable.

So, what will the European Commission deliver?

We plan to issue a Commission Communication outlining a European strategy to
develop a sustainable knowledge-based Bio-Economy, integrated into overall
European policy, and linked to the Common Agriculture and Fisheries Policies,
and our Industrial and Environmental policies.

The Communication will also propose an Agenda for delivering the strategy,
detailing the specific steps needed at European, national and regional levels to
achieve its goals.

Of course this strategy will involve several different Commission departments
working closely together - a cross-sectoral approach must begin at home! But
more importantly, we will need a broad range of inputs from stakeholders from
other EU institutions, governments, science, academia, business and civil
society. It is for this reason that we are all here today.

There will be other consultations in addition to this conference. We aim to
launch a public consultation before the end of the year. We will carry out an
impact assessment and we will consult a number of external expert groups on the
socio-economic implications, education needs and other aspects of the strategy.
Taking into account all these preparations, the Commission plans to adopt the
Communication in the autumn of 2011, and we hope that it will be on the agenda
of the Council of Ministers in spring 2012.

Ladies and Gentlemen,

The Bio-Economy will contribute to tomorrow's smart, sustainable and inclusive
growth and its potential must be more fully exploited. But for that we need a
long-term and coherent vision, involving different sciences and technologies,
policy areas and industries. We also need the full engagement of citizens and
their support in making Europe more innovative. Innovation depends on society
and its confidence in new scientific developments. Today's conference aims to
articulate a collective vision, one that is shared by all stakeholders, of the
kind of Bio-Economy that we want in the future. The experiences, views and ideas
that you will share with us today will form an indispensable input to our new
strategy and action plan.

We will have to work hard together to shape the right policies and strategies.
Your work, and the European Bio-Economy, can make vital contributions to
achieving a true Innovation Union.

I invite you to be part of the challenging but exciting work ahead of us. I am
sure that you will have excellent discussions today, and I look forward to
putting your ideas into action in the coming years.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Lerner: More PE reform and more emerging markets

LENGTH: 1023 words


The massive financial reform law signed in July will increase government
regulation of all sorts of investments, including private equity funds. But
Harvard Business School professor Josh Lerner believes that a wave of even more
substantial reforms could follow, including potential restrictions on the use of
leverage and greater transparency requirements for individual deals.

Europe's likely enactment of more stringent regulation of alternative fund
managers will create pressure for more rulemaking in the U.S. For private
equity, Dodd-Frank could be, he says, "the nose of a camel getting in the tent."

Lerner should know. He's been studying private equity and venture capital since
the early 1990s and, in 1993, introduced a Harvard M.B.A. course on private
equity finance, which remains a popular elective. He recently led a team
studying private equity's economic impact for the World Economic Forum.

Over the next five years, Lerner expects the pool of capital flowing into
emerging economies to swell as local funds proliferate and new entrants spin out
from global buyout firms. "We're going to see much more of a broadening out of
private equity activity across emerging markets," he says. The share of
investment captured by Asia, and other burgeoning markets, has been rising since
early in the decade, "but it's been most dramatic since the financial crisis,"
says Lerner.

In fact, 26% of total global private equity investing in 2009 poured into
emerging markets -- the largest share ever, according to the Emerging Markets
Private Equity Association. "A lot of what's happening is that big groups are
still gobbling up the money, and then redeploying it in these emerging markets
through their various affiliates," he says.

That will change as local groups gain prominence and establish the credibility
to raise funds directly from Western limited partners and other investors and
professionals exit big buyout firms to set up their own shops. "It has happened
many times, where a few people who run, let's say, a Chinese affiliate of one of
the major groups, will go to the same limited partners they raised money from,
and say, 'Invest in us directly.' " And limited partners usually do.

&nbsp;

The Predictors
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/features/cover-stories/on-prediction.php|On
prediction     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lerner:-more-pe-reform-and-more-emerging-markets.php|Lerner:
More PE reform and more emerging markets
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kroszner-warns-about-the-shadows.php|Kroszner warns about the shadows
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/forecasting-is-hard.php|Forecasting is hard
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/werbalowsky%27s-hopes-and-fears.php|Werbalowsky's hopes and fears
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/academics-on-failed-banks,-busted-towns-and-fat-fees.php|Academics on
failed banks, busted towns and fat fees
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/gray-on-commercial-real-estate.php|Gray on commmercial real estate
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/berlinski-and-mass-on-how-pe-will-cope.php|Berlinski and Mass on how
PE will cope     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/cuban-on-nearly-everything.php|Cuban on nearly everything
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/turk-on-europe%27s-future.php|Turk on Europe's future
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/heller-on-bankruptcy,-part-2.php|Heller on bankruptcy, part 2
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/hofmeister-on-energy.php|Hofmeister on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/trinder-on-riding-the-waves-of-regulation.php|Trinder on riding the
waves of regulation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/guccione%27s-triple-play.php|Guccione's triple play
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kallir-on-the-ways-of-the-art-market.php|Kallir on the ways of the art
market           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/grahm-on-wine.php|Grahm on wine
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/routh-on-the-rise-of-dumb-pumping.php|Routh on the rise of dumb
pumping      http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lloyd-george-on-emerging-markets.php|Lloyd George on emerging
markets           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/suhler-on-media-spending.php|Suhler on media spending
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/isaac:-banking-on-consolidation.php|Isaac: Banking on consolidation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/morris-on-limited-partners.php|Morris on limited partners
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/nunnelly-on-a-pe-shakeout.php|Nunnelly on a PE shakeout
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/beale:-waiting-for-the-public.php|Beale: Waiting for the public
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/collier-on-energy.php|Collier on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/levin-on-private-equity%27s-red-tape-and-return-to-the-midmarket.php|L
evin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket      &nbsp;
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/soothsayer-to-the-street.php|Soothsayer to the Street

&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

Pakistan: Taking advantage of a changing world order

LENGTH: 1229  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 01 -- EVEN though some experts suggest that the current
international economic turmoil is caused by globalisation, the fact remains that
the increasing exchanges among the world economies will continue to reshape
them. Those countries that position themselves to take advantage of
globalisation will benefit. Pakistan, unfortunately, is not one of them.

Those that remain internally focused will be left behind. Again, unfortunately
Pakistan belongs to this category of nations. To appreciate what is happening to
the global economy, we might draw upon the work done by Goldman Sachs about the
future of the world economy. It was this institution that, some years ago,
developed the notion of the BRICs - Brazil, Russia, India and China - as one of
the emerging centres of global economy.

The accompanying charts provide estimates by Goldman Sachs of national incomes
for the 22 largest economies in the world in the years 2025 and 2050. While such
long-term forecasts seldom turn out to be correct, what is interesting about
those produced by the bank are some of the suggested changes that may occur in
the ordering of the economies around the globe. According to these estimates,
Pakistan in 2025 will be the 20th largest economy in the world, slightly larger
than Egypt and Bangladesh.

There is a fairly significant realignment of the economies in the next 15 years.
By 2025, the world economy is likely to be dominated by United States and China,
each with national incomes close to $20 trillion in 2006 prices.

Japan, the next largest economy, is likely to be only a quarter of the size of
the two largest. India is likely to be in the fourth position with its national
product slightly smaller than that of Japan's. As the display in the chart shows
the world has two very large economies and then 20 relatively smaller ones.
There is considerable difference between the sizes of the two large economies
and those that are smaller in size. By that time the G7 as currently constituted
will not represent the largest economies in the world. Already two among the
seven largest economies will be from what is now called the emerging world.

Eleven of the 22 largest economies are in Asia. In the 25 years that follow
there is further realignment with China overtaking the United States. Its GDP is
expected to increase to $70 trillion, three and a half times its size in 2025.
The United States economy will also increase but will only double its size,
increasing to $40 trillion.

India, according to these estimates, will be almost equal in size to the economy
of the United States. What do these increases in the size of the economies
suggest about the rates of GDP growth? To increase three and half times over a
period of 25 years implies an annual average rate of growth of 5.2 per cent.
This is projected to be the rate of growth of China. For the United States, the
implied rate of growth is 2.9 per cent; for India, 8.7. These are in line with
the consensus view of most economists. The question is whether these averages
can be maintained over such long periods?

There will be other significant changes. Japan's relative decline continues. It
will drop from the third position in 2025 to the eighth in 2050. The country's
rate of GDP growth will be less than one per cent a year. Some other current
leaders in the world economy will also see major changes in the relative
ordering.

Germany is likely to drop from being the 5th largest in 2025 to the 10th largest
in 2050, UK may go from the 7th to the 9th and France may move from the 8th to
the 12th. Of the many surprises in these estimates is the change in the relative
positions of the European economies with Britain becoming the largest in the
continent. No European economy will be among the five largest in the world by
2050.

Indonesia and Nigeria will see major improvements in their positions; the former
moving from 14th position in 2025 to the 7th while the latter jumps from the
18th to the 11th. Some of the Latin American economies are also expected to do
well. Brazil and Mexico will become the world's 4th and 5th largest
respectively, moving up from the 9th and 11th positions.

Among the world's five largest economies in 2050, two - China and India - will
be Asian, two - Brazil and Mexico - will be Latin American and the 5th, of
course, will be the United States. By then the current G7 grouping is totally
irrelevant; the United States will be the only country from this group that will
still be included among the seven largest in the world. It is clear that the
need for revising the current institutional structure will increase with every
passing year.

Pakistan is identified as one of the laggard nations, dropping its position in
the global order from the 20th to the 21st between 2025 and 2025. It is
estimated to perform poorly relative to other large Asian economies. Could the
country do better than projected by the Goldman Sachs estimates which were
obviously influenced by the poor performance of the economy in recent years? I
will come back to this question a little later in the article.

What are the main drivers of growth as seen by Goldman Sachs? Three of these
stand out; expected increases in the size of the population, access to natural
resources, and trade competitiveness. More populous countries do relatively
well, in particular those that are investing in improving the quality of the
human resource. For the countries that are seeing declines in population size -
this includes all countries in continental Europe as well as Japan - aging
populations will begin to weigh increasingly on economic performance. As the
centre of gravity of the global economy shifts towards the emerging world, the
use of natural resources, in particular oil, will increase. This is one reason
why the oil-rich countries do relatively well in these estimates.

The inclusion of international trade as growth drivers suggests further
globalisation in production processes. Trade as a proportion of total
international product will continue to increase and the countries that are
geared to take advantage of this development will do relatively well. Trade in
parts and components will expand faster than the rate of increase in total
trade. This will bring greater benefits to the countries that are well
integrated in the changing global production process. Could Pakistan improve its
situation as the world changes? It could but it will have to break from the
recent trend. This will require at least four policy initiatives. The country
will have to rely much more on internal resources for needed investment. Only
then will it succeed in climbing on to a growth strategy that can be maintained
over time. Second, it will need to improve the technical base of the economy.

This will mean, in turn, greater focus on human resource development. Third, it
will need to restructure its economy so that it can better perform in the global
production system. And, finally, it will need to focus much more on increasing
trade as a proportion of its gross domestic product. It would necessary for the
policymakers, as they devise the country's future, to keep in mind what is
happening to other economies in the world. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          September 9, 2009 Wednesday

Underground Economy

LENGTH: 528 words


South Korea is the world's 14th-largest economy. It is already a member of the
Paris-based club of wealthy countries - the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development (OECD). It is not an industrializing nation anymore,
but it isn't an advanced economy either. There is no doubt that Korea's foremost
economic goal is to join the ranks of the industrialized nations.

But, people have to realize that the country has a long way to go before
achieving that ambitious goal because its economic structure is still outdated
compared with that of prosperous countries. One of the nation's intrinsic
problems is that it has depended on the underground economy on a far larger
scale than any other members of the OECD. The country cannot become an advanced
economy without phasing out its reliance on shadowy economic activities.

According to a report by the Budget Office of the National Assembly, the
nation's estimated underground economy accounted for 27.6 percent of its gross
domestic product (GDP) in 2005, the fourth-highest among OECD states. The figure
was slightly down from 28.2 percent in 2004 and 28.8 percent in 2003. But it was
much higher than the 7.9 percent of the U.S., 8.5 percent of Switzerland, 8.8
percent of Japan and 10.3 percent of Britain. Turkey showed the highest
dependence on the underground economy with 33.2 percent, followed by Mexico
(31.7 percent) and Portugal (28.2 percent).

The report is based on a study by Prof. Friedrich Schneider of the University of
Linz in Austria. South Korea's underground economy ranked 100th among 145
countries. The underground economy, also called the shadow economy or the black
economy, can be defined as production of goods and services, whether legal or
illegal, that escapes detection in official estimates of GDP. In a broad sense,
it refers to economic activities that circumvent government regulation, taxation
or observation. Such activities include smuggling, drug trafficking,
prostitution, bribery, property speculation and unauthorized business
operations.

In a word, the underground economy is likened to cancer as it ultimately
increases the burden on taxpayers and risks for consumers who deal with
businesses operating illegitimately. The underground economy usually prompts tax
evasion which could lead to a budget deficit. It also distorts distribution of
resources, bringing about social costs for cracking down on shadow economic
activities. In addition, it disturbs the market economy and damages confidence
in the government and the nation.

Everyone knows that underground economic activities also provide a breeding
ground for corruption. It has long been a common practice for professionals such
as doctors and lawyers as well as operators of cram schools, golf ranges,
wedding halls and funeral chapels to engage in illicit activities to avoid
taxes. It is urgent for the nation to reduce the scale of the black economy
which hampers its efforts to build a more transparent society. As long as the
shadow economy continues to prevail, Korea is not able to effectively fight
against corruption and ensure the rule of law, which is essential to democracy
and the market economy.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

A class struggle in the flight cabin;
More airlines competing for 'premium economy' travelers

BYLINE: Susan Stellin - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 892 words


There is a new class of service emerging in the aircraft cabin. It fits between
economy and business class, both in amenities and price.

It offers a better seat, more legroom, priority boarding and fancier meal
service than coach.

The only catch is, you cannot find anything comparable on any American airline.

Although ''premium economy'' fares have been available on some Asian and
European carriers for more than a decade, a handful have raised the ante
recently by carving out a separate cabin in their aircraft for business
travelers on a budget and leisure travelers willing to pay extra for a more
comfortable flight. Demand for premium economy seats may actually be helped by
the slowing economy as companies tighten their spending and restrict
business-class travel.

Virgin Atlantic overhauled its premium economy service last year, the new
British Airways airline OpenSkies started its Prem+ cabin in mid-June, and
Qantas Airways and Japan Airlines plan to introduce premium economy services on
routes to the United States later this year.

''It's a smart business move, because there's been what I call 'class creep' on
an airplane,'' said Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst with Forrester Research.
''What's now called business class is almost what first class used to be. So
premium economy is more like what business class used to be back in the 1980s,
akin in many ways to U.S. domestic first class in terms of leg room.''

In fact, the economy cabin has fallen so far in travelers' esteem that OpenSkies
is calling its middle cabin Prem+ - avoiding the word ''economy.''

''It's not premium economy,'' said Dale Moss, managing director for OpenSkies,
just after the carrier's inaugural flight landed at John F. Kennedy
International Airport in New York two weeks ago.

Describing the airline's Prem+ cabin, which has 28 seats with a roomy 52-inch,
or 1.32-meter, pitch (the distance between the back of the seat and the seat in
front of it), Moss emphasized, ''It's a business-class seat, as opposed to a
business-class bed.''

The leather seat is 20 inches, or 50 centimeters, wide and reclines to a
140-degree angle (flat would be 180 degrees) with an adjustable leg rest and
lumbar support.

OpenSkies currently flies one Boeing 757 aircraft between Paris Orly airport and
John F. Kennedy and plans to add five planes on routes from New York to Europe
by the end of 2009. Prem+ fares start at $1,650 round trip, including taxes and
fees, through July 4 and then will rise to $2,256.

Although a 757 typically carries 200 or more passengers, OpenSkies has 82 seats,
with 24 in business class and 30 in economy. But that breakdown may shift,
depending on customer response to each cabin, Moss said.

Given the economy and the response to the ''premium economy'' concept on other
carriers, this new middle class may have found its moment. Virgin Atlantic,
which introduced its original premium economy product in 1992 when companies
were downsizing after the first Gulf war, redesigned and expanded that part of
the cabin last year.

Chris Rossi, the airline's senior vice president for North America, said Virgin
Atlantic had seen less corporate ''trading down'' lately, but premium economy
bookings have increased 20 percent over the last 10 months.

Virgin Atlantic's premium economy seat is 21 inches wide with a 38-inch seat
pitch and includes priority check-in, priority boarding and baggage claim, a
preflight drink, an amenity kit and enhanced meal service.

British Airways also offers a separate premium economy cabin, called World
Traveller Plus, which was introduced in 2000 and recently got a makeover with
new fabric cushion and headrest covers and upgrades like noise-reducing
headsets. Its seats are 18.5 inches wide with a 38-inch pitch. On both British
Airways and Virgin, premium economy fares from New York to London start at
$1,891, including taxes and fees.

Across the Pacific, Japan Airlines and Qantas Airways both introduced premium
economy cabins last fall, and plan to extend them to flights to the United
States later this year.

Japan Airlines' premium economy service will start on its Tokyo to New York
route on Aug. 1, featuring a ''sky shell seat'' that reclines within a
stationary hard shell to avoid encroaching on the traveler seated behind.

In November, Qantas Airways will introduce premium economy service to flights
between Australia and Los Angeles. The new cabin is priced at about twice the
economy fare and half of the business-class fare, said Lesley Grant, a Qantas
group general manager.

Frank Schnur, vice president for advisory services with American Express
Business Travel, said the company had seen more interest in premium economy
among its corporate clients, particularly since the beginning of the year.

But carriers in the United States do not seem to be embracing the concept. While
United Airlines has ''economy plus'' seating, it offers a few more inches of
legroom than economy but not the upgraded seat.

While acknowledging the financial challenges that American carriers face,
Harteveldt attributed their absence in this arena to lack of interest in
passengers outside the expensive cabins.

''People will pay an above-average price for something that's tangibly better,
so kudos to the airlines that recognize this,'' he said. ''The ones that don't
are going to wonder, 'Where did my profitable customers go?'''

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            April 12, 2008 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Asia strong enough to weather US downturn;
THE ECONOMY

BYLINE: Alan Mitchell

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 876 words


For Australia, the real story in the latest International Monetary Fund
forecasts is not the US recession but the strength of the developing economies,
particularly the more advanced "emerging" economies of Asia.

The IMF expects the US economy to contract by a net 0.7 per cent over the course
of 2008, and then grow by 1.6 per cent through 2009.

But for both developing countries and the market-oriented emerging economies
with their strong connections to global capital markets, that should amount to
little more than a bump in the road.

Their growth this year is forecast by the IMF to be 6.7 per cent compared with
7.9 per cent last year. Emerging Asia's growth will moderate from 9.7 per cent
in 2007 to 8.2 per cent, as China finally responds to slowing from last year's
unsustainable 11.4 per cent to 9.3 per cent.

That would be good news for Australia, no matter how you look at it. Growth
would be strong enough to support the boom in commodity prices but moderate
enough to allow inflation pressures in Asia to ease.

The IMF expects non-fuel commodity prices to grow moderately (in US dollars)
this year before declining slightly in 2009.

The key to the forecast strength of the developing and emerging economies starts
with the expected shallowness of the US recession and the assumed failure of the
problems in US banks and credit markets to spread in a major way to Asia's
financial institutions. This US downturn also should be less damaging than the
2001 recession to East Asia's exporters of computers and computer components.

But changes in the developing and emerging economies have also been important.

According to the IMF, most have maintained disciplined economic policies and
have reduced budget deficits and inflation. Public balance sheets have grown
stronger and external vulnerabilities have been reduced as international
reserves have risen to historically high levels. In addition, the importance of
trade between developing economies has grown dramatically.

The developing and emerging economies may not have decoupled from the US, but
they are less sensitive to its cycles.

In China, and Asia's other emerging economies, growth in 2008 will be supported
by solid growth in domestic demand. And as US imports have slowed, Asia's
exporters have switched to faster growing markets such as Russia and the Middle
East oil-exporting economies.

According to the World Bank, East Asian exports to the US have fallen from 34
per cent of extra-regional exports in 1999 to 29 per cent in 2006.

At the same time, East Asia's extra-regional exports to developing countries
have surged from 17 per cent of the total in 1999 to 26 per cent in 2006. That
is, the developing economies are now almost as important as the US market.

The growing importance and resilience of emerging countries in world output and
trade growth are seen by the World Bank as two of the most important global
economic developments of the past five years.

While US imports have fallen from 19 per cent to less than 15 per cent of the
world's total, developing countries outside East Asia account for 22 per cent of
the total (up from about 19 per cent in 2000), and East Asia comprises another
19 per cent (up from 16 per cent).

According to the IMF, growth in the developing and emerging economies is now
supported by productivity gains from the continuing integration of those
economies into the global economy and their improved macro-economic policies.

Economic reforms and advances in technology have allowed an "unbundling" of
global production processes, so that manufacturers and even some service
industries can move parts of their production to places such as China, India,
and emerging Europe to take advantage of cheaper, underused labour.

This process has promoted rapid increases in productivity in the developing
economies, which has helped to drive their extraordinary growth and export
performance.

As a result, growth in global activity over the past five years has been
dominated by the emerging and developing economies. According to the IMF, China
has accounted for about a quarter of world growth, while all the developing and
emerging economies together have accounted for about two-thirds, up from about
half in the 1970s.

Growth in these economies is more resource-intensive than in higher-income
economies. Hence the strength of the boom in oil, metals, and food prices. The
IMF estimates emerging and developing countries have accounted for more than 90
per cent of the increase in the consumption of oil and metals and 80 per cent of
the increase in consumption of grains since 2002.

This booming demand has, in turn, fuelled the growth of the commodity-exporting
developing countries.

That and the unbundling of production has helped generate the growth of trade
between emerging and developing countries. Almost half the exports from emerging
and developing economies now go to other such economies.

Intra-regional trade accounts for 40 per cent of exports by countries in
developing Asia, and the World Bank estimates about a third of that
intra-regional trade is not directly related to exports beyond the region.

That and the strength of developing Asia's domestic demand should allow the
region - and Australia - to easily weather a mild recession in the US.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR GRAPHS: Going strong despite US. IMF forecasts strong Asian growth
... GDP growth (%), 2007 - 2009. ...boosted by strong domestic demand... Growth
and domestic demand. ...and strong intra-Asian trade, exports to selected
regions (% of total exports). SOURCE: IMF World Economic Outlook

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 1, 2007 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Still married, but cracks are appearing

BYLINE: Story Robert Guy NEW YORK

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; International News; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 1053 words


Although economies around the world still largely rely on the United States for
their exports, the tide is changing.

The turbocharged growth of emerging economic powerhouse China has fuelled debate
about a potential "decoupling" of the world economy from that of the United
States, but increasing talk of a possible recession has provided a none too
subtle reminder that the US is still the big dog of the global economy.

Hopes are being reassessed that robust economic growth in parts of the world
beyond America's borders will be enough to insulate the world economy from the
threat of a harder than expected landing for the US economy, exacerbated by a
deepening of the housing downturn, a slower pace of consumer spending, and
looming threat of recession in 2008.

The decoupling theory has been a trendy topic of debate in economic circles
given the robust pace of global growth for most of 2007, despite the woes
afflicting the world's largest economy. But there is a newfound appreciation of
the adage "when the US sneezes, everyone catches a cold".

The US economy does not hold as much sway over the global economy as it used to,
thanks to strong global growth, especially in the BRIC nations - Brazil, Russia,
India and, most importantly, China. While a soft landing for the US economy
could arguably be offset by strong growth elsewhere, the growing rumblings about
a more significant downturn or recession has heightened fears about the global
ramifications, especially given the US is a major export destination for many
countries.

"I say that the US economy has never been more coupled with the rest of the
world," says US economist Ed Yardeni of Yardeni Research.

"When we sneeze, the rest of the world says 'gesundheit and may we provide you
with some medication?'. The US certainly can still drag down the global economy.
"

Evidence of the strong linkages with the US has been provided by the meltdown in
the sub-prime mortgage market and the attendant evaporation of liquidity in the
credit markets.

Not only have the US banks been hit, but so too have many European banks, who
are also tightening lending standards, which will have consequences for economic
growth.

While Europe is not as exposed to a slowdown in consumer spending as the leading
exporters to the US - Canada, China, Mexico and Japan - it is linked to the fate
of the US economy through the exchange rate. The euro trades at near-record
highs against the US dollar, undermining the value of European exports.

Japanese exports continue to grow strongly as it sells more products into Asia
and Europe, but policymakers are anxiously watching developments in the US
economy as they are relying on exports to offset weak consumer spending caused
by rising unemployment and falling wages.

China has so far avoided any fallout from the slowing pace of US economic growth
and global market volatility caused by the ructions in American and European
credit markets.

But there are concerns that a harder than expected landing for the US economy
will have consequences for the Chinese economy, despite its double-digit pace of
growth.

China has been a source of low-cost imports for US consumers, who until
recently, had exhibited surprising resilience in the face of the housing
downturn.

But recent data and various surveys of consumer sentiment show that shoppers are
becoming increasingly coy about dipping into their pockets while home prices
keep dropping and food and energy prices continue to rise. The prospect of the
housing-induced slowdown potentially morphing into a consumer-led recession has
the Chinese government worried.

Chinese exports account for about one-third of China's economic growth and about
10 per cent of its gross domestic product.

China's Commerce Ministry warned earlier this month that a US economic slowdown
would cause a decline in Chinese exports, marking a "turning point" for the
country's rapid pace of economic growth.

Fears about the pace of export growth are well-founded, as the pace of exports
declined from a year-on-year pace of 20.4 per cent in the first quarter, to 12.4
per cent in the third quarter.

It has been estimated that every 1 per cent decline in US economic growth
translates to a 6 per cent fall in Chinese exports.

The fear is that a slower pace of growth in the world's largest economy will
radiate across the globe and the Commerce Ministry report calls it "the biggest
challenge to China's economy next year".

"If demand in the US drops further, Chinese exporters will be devastated by a
rapid and continuous fall in orders," it says.

The problem for Chinese policymakers is that the surge in exports has played a
key role in the country's turbocharged growth. This has underpinned the annual
migration of about 15 million rural workers into urban areas, which are
undergoing a massive urbanisation and industrialisation.

If China gets hurt by a slowdown in exports to the US, so too will a broad
swathe of developing Asian economies.

The relationship between some Asian economies and the US has changed over the
past five to 10 years, but most economic modelling shows the regions will feel
the drag from a slower pace of US economic growth.

Many Asian economies used to export directly to the US, but the emergence of
China as the regional economic powerhouse has resulted in these countries
producing raw materials or intermediate goods for export to China. These goods
are finished in China and then exported to the US.

Despite the complex relationship between direct and indirect exposure to the US,
there is no doubt that Asian economies will suffer a cooler pace of economic
growth.

A study by the European Central Bank earlier this year, which included direct
and indirect demand for the region's exports, estimated that a 1 per cent
decline in US economic growth would trim growth in developing Asian economies by
nearly 0.4 of a percentage point.

Should the US economy slide into recession in 2008 - which is not necessarily
certain - then it could have an impact on developing Asian economies.

According to research from the Asian Development Bank, a contraction in US
demand, which leads to a 1 percentage point fall in US output growth that
endures for two years, will lower output growth in developing Asia by 0.45
percentage points in the first year and by 0.75 percentage points in the second.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Mine's the biggest . . . but if growth falters in the US, it
will be felt around the globe. Photo Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 6, 2001 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Robust economy defies the gloom;
* September GDP surprise * Rates at 30-year low * Grim global outlook

BYLINE: Paul Cleary, Economics correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 841 words


The Australian economy is poised to maintain strong growth into 2002 after a
better than expected September-quarter result but the Treasurer, Mr Peter
Costello, warned that the world outlook remained "very grim" as interest rates
were cut to a 30-year low.

While Mr Costello said the economy had been underpinned by a resurgent housing
sector and buoyant consumer spending, it was unclear when the world economy
would recover and whether Australia would escape the effects of the global
downturn.

The gloomy message came as the Reserve Bank of Australia cut official interest
rates another 0.25 percentage points to 4.25 per cent the sixth rate cut this
year with financial markets expecting another cut by the March quarter.

The RBA Governor, Mr Ian Macfarlane, said the housing recovery would wane during
2002 and warned that growth would be maintained only if consumer spending and
business investment held up.

On the global outlook, Mr Macfarlane said: "The dampening impact on other parts
of the economy of global events will become increasingly clear during 2002."

The national accounts figures showed the domestic economy grew by a surprisingly
strong 1.1 per cent in the September quarter, buoyed by the booming housing
sector and solid growth in household spending.

Growth for the previous quarter was revised up by 0.3 percentage points to 1.2
per cent, taking the annualised growth rate over the past six months to an
impressive 4.6 per cent. For the 12 months to June, the annual growth rate was
2.6 per cent.

Analysts said the figures confirmed Australia's place as a standout economy in a
period of global weakness.

The performance of the economy is a post-election boost to the Federal
Government, with the Treasurer arguing that the outcome was partly due to the
Government's use of more stimulatory fiscal policy.

Mr Costello was optimistic about the domestic outlook although he stressed that
the global economy posed significant risks.

"I believe that the domestic economy has a good deal of robustness left in it.
The housing cycle should continue through this quarter and into next quarter. We
would hope that the world economy would change, particularly that the American
economy will pull out of recession in 2002," he said.

The national accounts, the broadest measure of economic activity, highlighted
the absence of demand pressures in the economy, with negligible price movements
in the quarter.

Exports declined sharply, reflecting the weak world economy, and business
investment was flat.

Banks and mortgage originators promptly passed on the rate cut to borrowers
yesterday, but Mr Costello said credit-card rates had been slow to fall, and he
urged people to shop around for a better deal.

Financial markets are still predicting another rate cut, with the March futures
contract for 90-day bank bills trading yesterday at an implied yield of around 4
per cent.

The shadow Treasurer, Mr Bob McMullan, said the growth result was entirely due
to housing and consumer spending, with business investment flat and net exports
detracting from growth.

He warned that without a recovery in investment, unemployment would rise further
as the housing upswing waned during 2002.

"An analysis of the figures also shows that as the bring-forward of housing
activity slows, as the Reserve Bank correctly predicts it will, and without any
pick-up in investment, the worrying trend we see of rising unemployment is
likely to get worse during the course of 2002," Mr McMullan said.

Mr Costello produced a table showing how growth in Australia in the first nine
months of this year exceeded other major economies and all emerging countries
other than Indonesia.

Despite the risks ahead, analysts said the national accounts confirmed that
Australia was an exceptional performer.

BT Funds Management's chief economist, Dr Chris Caton, said the growth result
meant Australia was "the standout performer", and that annualised growth of 4
per cent over the past six months meant that the economy was "a long way from
recession".

But the weakness in the rest of the world would become apparent in the middle of
2002, with exports already showing weakness. There was also the prospect of the
Reserve Bank's taking out more insurance against the world economy, with another
rate cut early next year.

"Adroit policy and a healthy combination of luck got us through the Asian
crisis, and the same combination may well help us next year," Dr Caton said.

The Commonwealth Bank's chief economist, Mr Michael Blythe, said the figures
showed the economy was doing exceptionally well.

"We motored through the intensifying phase of the global downturn in pretty good
shape," he said.

But the national accounts show how business investment is likely to play a
critical role in keeping the domestic economy on track. Investment was flat in
the September quarter, although some components increased, and is down 10 per
cent over the year.

Should investment fail to take up the slack when the housing recovery runs its
course, then Australia is likely to be more exposed to the downturn.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO ILLUS: Peter Costello ... `I don't want to underplay what is
happening in the world, I think it is very, very grim.Photo: JACKY GHOSSEIN
Buoyant consumer spending helped underpin the economy. Photo: ROBERT HOMER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 26, 2000 Sunday

A FINE LINE SEPARATES NEW, OLD ECONOMY

BYLINE: DAVE BEAL STAFF COLUMNIST

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 623 words


The new economy had always been the "new economy" until a few months ago, when
the quote marks fell to the cutting-room floor. The concept had arrived, as the
economy kept growing and technology stocks' towering valuations soared ever
higher.

Now, equities are often described routinely as new economy or old economy
stocks. All kinds of older companies are being stereotyped in the same fashion,
even though many of them are performing well by traditional measures.

Phil Norris, the CEO of chemical maker W.R. Grace & Co., puts it this way, "We
feel like Rodney Dangerfield; we get no respect." Grace has just reported a
banner year, but the company is considering a leveraged buyout because its stock
has been in the tank.

Yet more and more, defining the line that separates the old economy and the new
economy is like trying to find the Berlin Wall. For the most part, traces of the
wall have vanished.

"The distinction is artificial, and it's becoming increasingly blurred," says
Mark Zandi, chief economist for the RFA Dismal Sciences consulting firm. The
tech sector is a significant and growing part of the economy, he notes, but
remains a relatively small part of it.

Zandi estimates that companies traded on the Nasdaq stock exchange, the
principal watering hole for the nation's high-tech sector, account for only 10
percent of U.S. employment and 20 percent of the country's output. Sung Won
Sohn, chief economist for Wells Fargo & Co., puts the new economy's share of the
overall economy at only 5 percent.

Such reasoning suggests that the overall economy still moves with the fortunes
of the more established companies. Sohn, disputing claims that the newer tech
companies are immune to cyclical business trends, says many of them face heavy
upfront costs and much higher breakeven points than more established companies.

Peter Anderson, chief investment adviser at American Express Financial Advisors,
adds that if business turns down for old economy companies, the newer firms will
lose big orders from their largest customers.

"When you stop to think about it, the fates of these two sectors are truly
linked together," says Anderson. "Without a strong, healthy, vibrant and growing
old economy, the new economy cannot prosper."

He notes that many established companies are plunging headlong into the Internet
with new distribution and purchasing systems.

Fingerhut exemplifies a Twin Cities company that has moved aggressively into
Internet-based technology. Yet this company is part of Federated Department
Stores, listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Jacque Koppel, president of Minnesota Technology Inc. says many Minnesota
companies are quite advanced technologically, yet may not be viewed as parts of
the new economy.

"We wouldn't have 2 percent unemployment if they were not using technology
effectively," he says.

Steve Crowley, chief portfolio manager at Kopp Investment Advisors in Edina,
says it's unfair to paint a large industrial company that's aggressively
applying new technology as a bad investment.

Such comments may be small solace to people running companies suddenly being
classified as old economy entities; many of their stocks have taken horrendous
hits. Amazingly, RFA calculates that Nasdaq stocks now account for 46 percent of
total U.S. stock market wealth, up from 28 percent just since October.

Yet questions remain about the validity of simply lumping stocks in old economy
and new economy categories.

Concludes Crowley: "It's way too broad of a generalization."

Dave Beal's column appears on Sundays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Watch him
Fridays on KSTP's Channel 5 Eyewitness News Midday. Reach him at
dbeal@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5429.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               September 27, 1999

A new economy? Dont believe it for a second

BYLINE: David Moschella

SECTION: NEWS - OPINIONS; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 569 words

David Moschella
We probably all have buzzwords we wish would go away. Some people can't help
rolling their eyes at the mere mention of paradigm shift; others are fed up with
overused gerunds such as re-engineering, reinventing and, of course, the twin
towers of business babble -- thinking out of the box and pushing the envelope.
While all this jargon makes me wince too, my particular pet peeve is the new
economy, which, despite all logical odds, continues to gain acceptance among
technologists, policy-makers, the media and, most depressingly, reputable
economists.
To me, the increasingly widespread belief that we have entered some sort of
special age is the surest sign that economic success is going to our heads.
In a sense, the U.S. economy is always new, since it's always in a continual
state of change. But the phrase new economy is never used this way. Inevitably,
the term is contrasted with some imagined "old economy," as if all of our past
were just one hopelessly plodding, obsolete and evolutionary dead end. New is
networked and virtual; old is hierarchical and rigid, blah, blah, blah.
But when did this old economy actually exist? Was it five, 50 or 500 years ago?
Is the difference between the 1980s and the 1990s really all that much greater
than the difference between the '20s and the '30s, the '40s and the '50s, or
even the '60s and the '70s? Or were all of these "new economies," too? And,
while we're at it, how long can a new economy manage to remain new?
As imprecise as the term may be, it is even more unnecessary. Most of what
people mean by the phrase new economy could be expressed just as well as digital
economy, information economy, virtual economy, network economy, or any of a
dozen other ____ economy contenders. You'd think that, because information
technology is the fundamental economic driver of our times it would deserve top
billing, but there are at least two groups who think otherwise.
First, people counting on ever-higher stock prices are, understandably,
attracted to the idea that economic fundamentals such as business cycles and
price/earnings ratios might somehow have become obsolete. Faith in a "new
economy" allows them to dismiss the naysayers who "just don't get" the fact that
the old rules are no longer valid. But what amazes me is how many informed
people seem to have forgotten that, just 10 years ago, many "experts" were
saying that Japan had rewritten the rules of the global economy and that it,
too, was immune from old-style problems.
Then there is a second group of Net enthusiasts who take it as gospel that the
Web is destined to revolutionize everything -- business, government, education,
entertainment and more. To these true believers, building a new economy is just
a minor, and not particularly interesting, aspect of building a new society.
Never mind all the other great inventions we have lived through in this century
alone.
Don't get me wrong. We are clearly in a major period of growth and change, but
such periods are as much the rule as the exception. Steam, steel, railroads,
oil, electricity, automobiles, airplanes, telephones and televisions have all
expanded and transformed U.S. society. No doubt, during each era it often felt
like a new economy was being born. But history has clearly proved otherwise. We
all like to feel that we are living in special times, but they are special only
to us. w

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Computerworld, Inc.


                              354 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 2, 1993 Tuesday

THE CHANGE PAGE   THE NEW ECONOMY   What The Old Economy looks like

BYLINE: NUALA BECK; GAM

LENGTH: 209 words


NUALA BECK
 We are often asked what the Old Economy looks like.

The accompanying charts tell the story by comparing a typical Old
Economy industry in Canada to a typical New Economy industry.

The Old Economy example - agricultural implements - is past its peak in
terms of contributing to gross domestic product. Since peaking in the
early 1980s, its free-fall has been more severe than could reasonably be
associated with a recession. Subsequent business cycles have not been able
to bring the industry back to past glory.

The New Economy example - telecommunications carriers - may have good
and bad years, but the overall trend is up. As a factor in GDP, New
Economy industries are becoming larger, more influential and more vital to
Canada's economic future.

In addition to farm implements, industries in the Old Economy include
steel, autos, oil and natural gas, tobacco and distillery products. In the
New Economy, the growth engines are: computers and semiconductors; health
and medical industries; communications and telecommunications; and
instrumentation. About 120 industries act as suppliers to these growth
engines.

It's not that Old Economy industries no longer matter. It's just that
the New Economy industries matter more.

-Nuala Beck & Associates Inc.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             March 3, 2009 Tuesday

Expert: Growth not likely till '10

BYLINE: By Vic Kolenc / El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 698 words


EL PASO -- The local economy came to a "standstill" in December and will likely
be in a recession through this year, a Wells Fargo Bank economist said in a new
report.

"We expect the El Paso economy to continue to deteriorate during the rest of
this year as the U.S. economy and the Mexican economy remain in recession,"
Eugenio J. Alemán, a senior economist for Wells Fargo Bank, said in an economic
review of El Paso and other Texas border cities. "Thus, our expectation is that
the El Paso economy will remain in recession for the whole of 2009 before
recovering some growth during 2010."

Alemán said in his report that he expects the Texas economy as a whole to enter
a recession during the first quarter of this year.

The U.S. recession began in December 2007, but El Paso's economy continued to
perform well last year, and was one of only 58 metro areas in the United States
showing economic growth last summer, according to Moody's Economy.com, a
national economic research firm. Moody's tagged El Paso's economy "at risk" of
going into a recession in December, its most recent metro areas' recession
indicator.

Alemán, in an e-mail, said he could not yet say El Paso is definitely in a
recession. The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas' Metro Business Cycle Index for El
Paso, which showed El Paso's economy "came to a standstill" in December, would
have to be negative "for two consecutive quarters" to label the El Paso economy
in recession, he said.

Tom Fullerton, an economics professor at the University of Texas at El Paso,
said Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas' economic indicators for El Paso "indicate
the El Paso economy has dipped into a recession. The question is whether it will
last through the calendar year 2009."

If the U.S. economy begins to recover in the third quarter, as some economists
have forecast, that "should be sufficient for El Paso to post or experience
positive economic growth for the year as a whole," Fullerton said. "If (the
U.S.) recovery does not materialize until the first quarter of 2010, or later,
then El Paso and Las Cruces both will find it difficult to avoid protracted
recessions."

Renard Johnson, chairman of the El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and
president and CEO of METI Inc., a federal technology contractor based in El
Paso, said he disagrees with the economists. He doesn't believe El Paso is in a
recession, he said.

"I think we'll prove the economists wrong. El Paso is going to do well. Our
housing market is relatively stable and doing better than the rest of the
country with the influx of (Fort Bliss) troops and other people moving in,"
including people from Mexico, Johnson said. "Our health care is doing well, our
universities are doing well."

Alemán said in his report that he expects the El Paso housing market to be "very
weak" this year after an "impressive" performance in 2008 when compared to the
rest of the United States.

Fort Bliss growth has "somewhat shielded the El Paso economy from the fate of
other regions" in Texas, Alemán wrote in an e-mail. But President Obama's
administration will probably have a different emphasis that "could negatively
impact military expenditures in the region," Alemán said.

"Yes, up to now the El Paso economy has been shielded by the troubles in the
rest of the U.S. economy. However, we don't think this is sustainable,
especially if the U.S. situation continues to deteriorate," Alemán said.

Vic Kolenc may be reached at vkolenc@elpasotimes.com; 546-6421.

For more information: https://www.wellsfargo.com/com/research/economics/texas



Weighing in on border economies
Wells Fargo economist Eugenio Alemán had these observations about Texas border
cities' economies in a recent report:

     ·    Laredo: In recession since August 2007. Its economy declined 3.3
          percent in 2008, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas'
          Metro Business Cycle Index.Brownsville: Second-worst border economy in
          2008 with a growth rate of 0.7 percent.El Paso: Felt the national
          slowdown in 2008, but its economy grew 3.0 percent as measured by the
          Metro Business Cycle Index.McAllen: Best performing border economy in
          2008 with a growth rate of 3.2 percent. Its economy began
          deteriorating in second half of 2008.


LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                 Seattle Times

                           November 9, 2004, Tuesday

Jobs lag in new economy

BYLINE: By Alwyn Scott

LENGTH: 818 words



The economy appears to be humming, but lots of people aren't hearing a very
pleasant tune.

The latest good news: Businesses added 337,000 workers in October, an
unexpectedly large burst of hiring. After months of subpar employment readings,
that report from the Labor Department on Friday sent the stock market higher.

But many people are more focused on the many months of slow job growth this
year, even though economic output is rising faster than normal.

So what's wrong? Why is a strong economy failing to produce enough jobs?

"We economists have been surprised that we haven't seen much job growth," said
Bill Conerly, who follows the Northwest economy from Lake Oswego, Ore. "Usually,
when you get the economy going into a recovery like we have, you get very strong
job growth."

Indeed, by most measures, the economy is a picture of health. Growth is up 3.7
percent in the third quarter. Inflation is up only 2.5 percent from a year ago,
counting oil prices. Even unemployment is low, at just 5.5 percent.

"If somebody went to sleep 10 years ago and woke up today, they would think this
economy is great," said James Glassman, senior U.S. economist at J.P. Morgan
Chase in New York. "The economy can't do better."

The answer lies in structural changes that have shifted the economy's goalposts,
experts say.

Two main forces account for the shift: Welfare-to-work changes in the 1990s
encouraged more people to count themselves as employed than did previously,
Glassman said in an interview. That pushed up the level of employment being
counted, even though many of those marginal workers aren't happy with their jobs
or incomes.

Then there's technology. The Internet, computers, robotics and communications
cut the number of workers needed in many industries. Productivity, the amount of
labor required to produce a fixed amount of goods, has soared.

As a result, numbers that a decade ago described a roaring economy today signal
anemia. The old measures of success no longer fit.

Making sense of today's economy requires new definitions of "normal" for growth,
unemployment and inflation. And few people have made that shift in thinking,
said Glassman, who spent more than a decade researching inflation and labor
markets at the Federal Reserve in Washington.

It used to be that economists considered 6 percent as the lower limit of
unemployment -- so-called full employment. If joblessness fell below that magic
number, inflation started to kick up as too many jobs chased too few workers.
The economy needed to grow about 2 percent a year to meet that target.

But after the structural transformations of recent years, economy watchers like
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan suggest full employment may now be about
4 percent.

Today's economy has to grow much faster for employment to reach a level
comfortable to workers. If the economy were a car, it has slipped into fifth
gear but needs to accelerate before it feels like it's really moving.

"The only reason employment is not doing well is because the growth hurdle has
been raised," Glassman said. "It's because of productivity, and you can thank
Microsoft and Intel for that."

To reach a 4 percent rate of unemployment -- or full employment -- the economy
has to rev up to 4 percent or more, about double the former "normal" rate.

And that level of growth will only keep up with the expanding work force, which
grows by just over 1 percent a year, Glassman said. The economy needs to grow
even faster to replace jobs lost during the recent downturn.

Other economists agree. "If we don't grow at 4 percent, we are growing
'disguised' unemployment," said Joseph Stiglitz, an economist at Columbia
University, who won the Nobel Prize for economics in 2001.

The "disguised" group includes people on disability rolls, those in part-time
jobs who want to work more, and discouraged job seekers who have stopped looking
for work, Stiglitz said in an interview last week.

The next question is whether the economy can grow that fast.

Stiglitz said higher growth is "possible" but that the government needs to do
more to stimulate the economy. He advocates a tax policy that boosts spending by
businesses and consumers: tax credits for investment in new equipment and
hiring, for example, rather than tax cuts for dividends. Or income-tax cuts
aimed at the middle class, who would spend, rather than those in upper income
brackets.

Glassman said the macro policies are already geared that way. They also give the
Federal Reserve room to go easy on raising interest rates. The Fed is widely
expected to raise short-term rates tomorrow.

"When inflation is not a threat, the central bank can be nurturing," Glassman
said. "You don't have to be on the brakes anymore."


-----

To see more of The Seattle Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.seattletimes.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SE-ECONOMY-20041109

JOURNAL-CODE: SE

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                          Copyright 2004 Seattle Times


                              357 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                             Mehr News Agency (MNA)

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

1st Intl. Conference on Urban Economy held in Tehran

LENGTH: 598 words


TEHRAN, May 23 (MNA) - First International Conference on Urban Economy with the
emphasis on tomorrow cities was held in the presence of researchers, students
and experts in Tehran.

First International Conference on Urban Economy focusing on resistance economy
was held in the conference hall of Shahr Bank on May 19.

Many scientific and administrative figures, including CEO of Shahr Bank and
president of IUESA Dr. Hossein Mohammadpour Zarandi, Ex Economy minister Dr.
Davoud Danesh Jafari, member of planning and budget of the Parliament Dr. Jafar
Qaderi, MP of Kerman Mohammadreza Pourebrahimi, Head of Education and Research
Commission of the Parliament Mohammad Mahdi Zahedi, the head of traffic police
in Tehran Brigadier General Teymoor Hosseini, Technical Deputy of Tehran
Municipality Alireza Javid, Secretary General of Asian Mayors Forum Mohammad
Khodadi, Deputy Director of the International Centre for Communication and
International Affairs Tehran Municipality Gashtasb Mozaffari, Former MP Hasan
Ghafourifard and many other figures attended the event.

The conference covered a range of topics including economy of smart city,
economy of urban tourism, economy of urban infrastructures, economic culture of
city and citizenship education, urban dilemmas, the environment, and air
pollution, management of human capital development and urban economy, banking
systems, social banking, and urban economy, modeling resistance economy in
cities and urban passive defense, pricing urban services, financing, and
municipal revenues, management of municipal service, organizations of urban
management, and private sector.

Three panels including "resistance economy, Islamic banking, and urban finance",
"economy of smart city", and "urban infrastructure and smart city" were held on
the sidelines of the event.

The book of "social banking with the approach of urban economy and human
resources training" written by Dr. Hossein Mohammadpour Zarandi and Seyed Mohsen
Tabatabaei Mozdabadi was unveiled at the event.

The ceremony honored pioneer cities in the field of urban economy as well as
Iranian and foreign researchers.

During the event, administrative managers from Italy, Georgia, Turkey, South
Korea, and Thailand shared experiences with Iranian researchers.

Mohammadpour Zarandi noting that 50 large metropolises hold 7 percent of the
world population, have devoted 40 percent of their economic activities to
themselves, and metropolises require economic strategy.

Referring to the international conference on urban economy, he said one of the
particular issues discussed during the event was developmental dimensions of
metropolises.

"There were few metropolises with above a million population last century,
however the figures show about 300 metropolitan areas today which have reached
that," Pourzarandi said.

He further added there are 37 large cities, each of them with more than 10
million populations around the globe.

Stating that the share of metropolises in GDP is more than their population
share, the head of IUESA added for instance, cities' share of GPD is more than
50 percent in countries with more than 30 percent urbanization.

The head of IUESA said one of the most important reasons of stunning growth and
development of metropolises is the emphasis on the production of knowledge and
technology.

"These geographical areas absorb people with all of their skills and experiences
and provide unique opportunities, skills, and creativities for the development
of metropolitan areas," he noted.

LR/PR

http://imgs.syndigate.info/149/399/79/146401348948.jpg

ImageHandler.ashx.jpg

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 399


                        Copyright 2016 Mehr News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.


                              358 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Nigeria's economy: Is Federal Government risk averse?

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 1217 words


By Oseloka H. Obaze BEFORE crashing oil prices destabilized Nigeria's re­based
economy, the economy

By Oseloka H. Obaze

BEFORE crashing oil prices destabilized Nigeria's re­based economy, the economy
was already distressed due to mismanagement, policy vacillations and intrusive
parti­san politics. Hence, the economy President Muhammadu inherited, while
perceptibly promising, was far from ro­bust, despite the blustering by the
Jonathan government, about Nigeria having Africa's largest economy.
Paradoxi­cally, the change agenda touted by the incoming Buhari government were
predicated on a gross underestimation of the laggardly scope of the economy and
governance rut. So, the crash of global oil prices merely trip-wired and
propelled the economy toward recession. Still, a blighted national economy is
nothing new. Major economies have at different times faced grave economic
challenges. The key to addressing such challenges is to determine the fault
lines and necessary corrective measures including fiscal shock therapy and
risks.

Ten months into the Buhari presidency, Nigeria re­mains challenged economically.
Aside from Buhari's espoused economic policies not manifesting fully, policy
dissonance also intruded. As the economy wobbled to­ward a deleterious downturn,
trenchant criticisms raged, compelling the government to resort to some
inexplicable ad-hoc measures. Such disconnected measures proved confusing.
Unhelpful policy reversals followed, making broad calls for a national economic
conference inevitable. The welcome response was a two-day National Eco­nomic
Council (NEC) retreat of the government held on 21-22 March 2014, on how to
revamp Nigeria's sinking economy. While the retreat's seventy-one decisions are
salutary, the revamping efforts risks defaulting to a false start, as
policymakers seem ambivalent about addressing core challenges. This fact drives
the notion of government being risk averse in tackling Nigeria's tanking
economy.

Some aspects of the outcome of the NEC retreat are bothersome as they are bereft
of some classical stimulus tools recognized worldwide. Economic stimulus entails
explicit fiscal measures and massive infusion of cash aimed at boosting economic
growth. These include sig­nificant tax cuts -especially corporation and capital
gains taxes - coupled with interest rate cuts and direct cash stimulus that
benefit low income earners and the unem­ployed. Surprisingly, the catalog of
corrective measures adopted by the NEC lacked clear unemployment benefits, even
as empirical studies have proven that "direct govern­ment spending - through
unemployment benefits, food stamps, work sharing or infrastructure spending- top
the list" in higher returns on stimulus spending.

Government's role remains that of regulator and partner in operating the
Nigerian economy. The joint partner is Ni­geria's organized private sector
(OPS), which has the wealth creation niche. It's mind-boggling; therefore, that
serious ef­forts to kick start Nigeria's stalled economy was undertaken by the
government to the exclusion of the OPS, organized labour and think-tanks. After
all, the N350 billion meant to jumpstart the economy will be dedicated to
offsetting arrears owed to contractors. Whereas President Buhari had under­lined
agriculture, power, manufacturing and housing, as four key areas, requiring
urgent attention in order to revive the economy, the stimulus fund allotment
plan does not tally with these priority areas and the disbursement plan remains
ambiguous.

Relatedly, four policy actualities remain worrisome. First, President Buhari
publicly declared twenty-seven of the na­tion's thirty-six states as broke and
unable to pay salaries. This leaves nine states even as it's clear that half of
these nine states are also struggling. Secondly, Nigeria's eco­nomic downturn
remains negatively aggressive. Recorded growth in first quarter of 2016 was
stunted at 2.1 percent. Nigeria also experienced an arrested total growth of 2.8
percent in 2015 the slowest and lowest since 1999. A sad corollary is that the
earning and purchasing power of Ni­gerians continue to dwindle. So, any
meaningful "change" or economic revamp must address the plight of the national
population.

Thirdly, predicating the stimulation of the economy on payment of arrears owed
to contractors is fallacious. Even with the best of intentions- any contracting
firm paid arrears owed by government will feel obligated to settle its bank
loans and investors' obligations first, before rehiring and recruiting new staff
with a view to boosting the economy. Hence, that option seems predicated on
altruism rather than being a policy option with clearly annotated deliverables.

Fourth, the recommended measures, while recognizing the States as federating
units, employers of labour and the most distressed segment of the economy,
failed to adopt options that are sufficiently catalytic to trigger the
jump-starting distressed state economies. It is the States not the private
sector industries that cannot pay salaries; and the 27 indebted States bailed
out recently need instant and mas­sive infusion of funds to begin their recovery
process.

Despite the expressed desire to ensure that the stimulus money stimulates the
economy there are no clear policy criteria or directives matching the
disbursable funds to spe­cific desirable outcomes. This leaves the funds open to
turf fights amongst technocrats. It would seem sensible to have matched the
envisaged stimulus funds to youth employ­ment or vocational and industrial
training programmes; thus putting the resources into private hands, guaranteeing
expenses that will boost the economy, while cutting down the prevailing youth
unemployment bulge. Although it was disclosed after-the-fact that government
plans to inject N3 trillion TSA savings into the economy, it remains unclear why
the N500 billion earmarked in the FY 2016 budget for social welfare was not tied
directly to targeted stimu­lus projects. Similarly, the recommendation that
State and Federal Governments must emphasize the patronage of "Made-in-Nigeria"
seems vacuous, when government fis­cal policies are not sufficiently compelling
to make Nige­rian consumers look inwards. Preferential consumption is a factor
of affordability as much as choice.

Only the pressure of high cost of imported goods will induce Nigerian consumers
to look more closely at more affordable Made-in-Nigeria goods. Meanwhile, the
nexus between our fixed rate currency regime and our consump­tion of foreign
goods remains stark, and compels devalu­ation.

The seventy-one policy decisions the NEC took are mainly exhortatory but five
core areas would have served the nation well had they been fully amplified.
First, as a catalytic stimuli, the government should have established a 24-month
moratorium in which the counterpart funding statutorily required to access the
Universal Basic Educa­tion Commission (UBEC) fund would be waived com­pletely,
thus allowing a complete draw down of the esti­mated "N58 billion that is
currently un-accessed." Such infusion would impact on salaries, employment and
con­struction works in that sector.

nObaze, MD/CEO of Selonnes Consult, is a stra­tegic public policy adviser,
consultant and im­mediate past Secretary to the Anambra State Government.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Nikkei Asian Review (Japan)

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

Former ECB chief says the Fed's critics fail to see the big picture

LENGTH: 1316 words


PARIS   The world is in for a period of only modest growth in 2016, amid
continuing risks as economies slow and uncertainty sets in, predicts Jean-Claude
Trichet, the former president of the European Central Bank. He discussed some of
the most important issues facing the global economy in an interview with The
Nikkei.

What is the outlook for the global economy in 2016? I have the sentiment that
the year 2016 will be a year of modest growth, a little bit better than in 2015,
but not very flattering. Both the U.S. and Europe should grow a little bit
faster in 2016. Particularly in Europe, after many years of stagnation, the
period of adjustment is now over for practically all countries but Greece. Most
countries have done a quite good job of adjusting and improving their
competitiveness. So the cycle in Europe should be a little bit better. On top of
that, we are now posting a significant current account surplus at the level of
the euro area, which signals there is today ample room for more dynamic domestic
demand.

At the same time we will probably see the slowing down of the emerging economies
-- at the time of the financial crisis of the advanced economies, the emerging
world was the main source of global growth. It is understandable that they are
now in an episode of slowing down in the cycle.

For Japan, I also expect relatively modest growth, because of the demographics,
which are very adverse. We have to take that into account. But in terms of per
capita GDP, it seems to me that Japan should normally be at least as good as the
other advanced economies.

What are the reasons for the current economic uncertainty? We have to be fully
aware of the risks all over the global economy. Some emerging economies might
surprise us negatively, because of the accumulation of domestic problems. The
fall of the prices of oil and commodities is a very heavy burden on some
economies in the emerging world. We should also never neglect the geostrategic
risks. We have many places in the world where tensions are materializing. To
mention only those that are in the vicinity of Europe -- we have to cope with
the dramatic problems of Syria, Iraq and Libya and the ensuing refugees problem.
We also have many tensions in sub-Saharan Africa. And let us not forget
conflicts that are not yet resolved at the eastern border of Europe -- Ukraine
in particular.

You hinted at the risks to emerging economies. Is this not a structural problem?
Who will be the engine of global growth in 2016? We have to fully accept that
the emerging world cannot continue to be eternally the sole engine of global
growth. And this is particularly the case for China, with the new Chinese
strategy of giving more importance to domestic demand than to exports. We also
have domestic issues in China, in particular the shadow banking problem. We have
the accumulation of debt by local authorities and by state-owned enterprises.
But again, I trust that this is normal, and that the advanced economies are
called on now to contribute more actively to global growth. They had a very
large recession at the moment of the financial crisis. In the case of Europe,
they also had their own sovereign risk crisis starting at the beginning of 2010.
All this has triggered a dramatically adverse episode in the cycle, and I think
that we are now getting progressively out of this episode to have a much better
position in the cycle.

Regarding the current policy of the Federal Reserve: Do you expect some
volatility in the financial markets? The financial markets are, I wouldn't say
controlled, but very largely influenced by the central banks. We remember when
the U.S. Fed was embarking very resolutely on zero rates and quantitative
easing, the criticism from the rest of the world was, "It is extremely
dangerous," and "We are inundated with liquidity." This criticism came
particularly from the emerging economies. Now when the U.S. Fed does exactly the
contrary, embarking on tapering and increasing rates, we also have strong
criticism. ... It cannot be that, whatever they do, it is bad. One should have
to choose.

My own explanation is that the monetary policies of the big advanced economies
are considered negatively by the emerging economies, whatever they do, because
they are exerting a dominant influence on the global financial cycle. The
emerging economies are perceiving this dominant influence as arbitrary, whatever
is decided, whether they are very accommodating, less accommodating or
restrictive. What is particularly striking is that, at the same time, the
influence of the emerging world on the real global economy is augmenting very
significantly and very rapidly. It is this disconnect, between the respective
influences of the advanced and emerging economies in the global real economy on
the one hand and in the global financial sphere on the other, that is the real
problem.

I have full confidence in the communication of the Fed. And I profoundly trust
that the Open Market Committee was right to increase rates. I do not consider at
all that this decision will prove negative at the global level, on the contrary.
As regards the many remarks on the contradiction between the monetary policies
of the U.S. and of Europe and Japan -- I do not buy these arguments. I would say
that, on the contrary, if it is true that the financial global cycle is too
influenced by the advanced economies, the different monetary policies between
Japan and Europe on the one hand and the U.S. on the other could precisely
smooth out this influence. But, of course, what remains decisive is that each
central bank does what is necessary in its own country, in its own economy.

But don't you see any risks from the Fed decisions to the emerging markets? As I
said, it is true that the influences of the Fed's decisions are always
important, because the dollar is the most important global currency and a lot of
piling up of new dollar debt has been accumulated in the emerging economies over
the last few years. But on the other hand, it is in the interest of the whole
world, including the emerging economies, that the U.S. economy remains stable in
the medium and long run, and that the domestic monetary policy is appropriately
tuned for the U.S. economy.

What are the reasons for the low inflation around the world, in spite of growth
and low unemployment? I think we have a real conundrum there: It is the first
time that we have such a threat of very low inflation in all advanced economies
for a very long time. From that standpoint, Japan was a precursor. We are still
in the shadow of the great financial crisis of the advanced economies. The U.S.,
Europe, Japan -- all the advanced economies have known a dramatic financial
crisis. We still have not fully overcome the crisis. The balance sheet repair is
still ongoing. The timidity of the corporate world to invest and of the banks to
lend is still there.

Another element which is also perhaps important in the present period is the
fall of prices for oil and commodities, which is largely due to the slowing down
of the cycle of the emerging economies, in particular China. This sharp and
abrupt fall of the consumer price index is also materializing in the medium-term
inflation expectations.

Now we have a third issue, the high level of uncertainty for the future. The
combination of globalization, of the sequels of the crisis and of the dramatic
progress in science and technology, in particular information technology, makes
the future more uncertain for all economic agents and, in particular, jobs more
uncertain. That has a bearing on wage negotiations, which are concentrating on
the preservation of jobs and not on wage increases. But if you do not have any
dynamism in nominal wages and salaries, it is very difficult to have a certain
level of inflation.

Interviewed by Nikkei staff writer Shogo Akagawa

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              360 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 28, 2014 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Airlines introduce 'premium economy' offerings

BYLINE: Ed Perkins; TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY

SECTION: F,F; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 667 words


ou all know why today's economy-class air travel is so lousy: Most travelers
will put up with the worst comfort levels and service to knock a few bucks off
the price. "You want cheap, we'll give you cheap" is the airlines' response. And
the majority of travelers buy into it. Traditionally, if you wanted something
better, you moved up to first class (domestic) or business class
(intercontinental). But that next step up in comfort and service is a very big
step: Domestic first class usually costs at least double the least expensive
economy ticket, and intercontinental business class, with its flat-bed seats and
elaborate cabin service, can easily top 10 times the economy price.

Clearly, however, some of you - a minority - are willing to pay a bit more for a
bit more comfort and service. Many of the world's airlines recognize that
potential market and have introduced in-between "premium economy" offerings.
Actually airlines have taken two different approaches:Big European, Asian and
South Pacific lines have opted for what I call "true" premium economy, with
eight to 10 (even more on a few lines) extra inches of legroom, seats that are
substantially wider, and (usually) improved cabin service, a no-charge checked
bag and other enhancements. Air Canada is the only North American airline to
take this path, but the other giant lines have either gone for true premium
economy or, as in the case of Emirates and a few others, opted not to offer any
premium option at all.

The general standard for true premium economy is 38-inch seat row spacing,
compared with typical 31- to 32-inch in regular economy. A few airlines do
substantially better, at 46 to 48 inches on Norwegian, OpenSkies and Turkish,
and 41 inches on Air New Zealand's B777-300s and 787s. Seats are several inches
wider than usual economy, too, at six-across in 767s; seven-across in 787s,
A330/340s, and top-deck A380s; and eight-across in 747s and 777s.

My recent London round trip on Norwegian was in premium economy. And it was a
lot more comfortable than any line's ordinary economy. I actually slept
reasonably well, and didn't have to rub shoulders with anyone else.Premium
economy pricing is inconsistent: For mid-March, for example, I found round-trip
fares from New York to Paris of about $1,050 in regular economy and $1,400 in
premium economy, not a huge difference. But from Los Angeles to London, premium
fares of about $1,760 are close to double regular economy at around $950.
Premium fares from Los Angeles to Taipei or Tokyo were also about double
economy.

So the question arises about just who is apt to spend $800 to $1,000 for a
better seat. Business travelers whose budget or company policy won't let them
buy business-class tickets? Probably. Leisure travelers looking to avoid the
miseries of long-haul economy flying? Maybe, but mainly when the price
difference is small: I suspect not many are willing to pay double airfare for a
better seat on a seven-hour flight.

Big U.S. airlines have opted for what I call "semi-premium" economy, with three
to four additional inches of front-to-rear space, but with the same extremely
narrow seats as regular economy. American, Delta, JetBlue and United have
installed several rows of extra-space seats, and Alaska and Hawaiian designate
exit and bulkhead rows as extra space. Some lines offer a few extra perks and
enhanced cabin service; others just give you more legroom. Among large overseas
airlines, only KLM has adopted this approach. The extra cost is typically less
than $100 for a domestic trip, a bit more on intercontinental trips. You get a
little improvement for a little extra - a proposition more likely to attract
leisure travelers.

My take is this: True premium economy is really a substantially better product
than ordinary economy. If you have lots of money, go for it. Otherwise, look for
routes and times when the price premium is low enough to make it worthwhile. And
consider semi-premium economy just about any time.

email: eperkins@mind.net

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

African leaders bank on youth to grow regional economies

BYLINE: DPPS -1

LENGTH: 218  words


African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

African leaders have agreed to involve more youth in governance and business to
grow their economies.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

Global economy not out of the woods yet, warns IMF;
Despite overall favourable outlook, important downside risks still a concern

BYLINE: anthony rowley; in Tokyo

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 762 words


THE International Monetary Fund (IMF) yesterday said that the global economy is
on the mend but warned that it is "not yet out of the woods" given threats of
deflation in advanced economies and of capital flow volatility affecting
emerging economies.

Advanced economies - the US especially - must be weaned only slowly off the
massive monetary easing that has been underpinning their recovery while also
stimulating capital flows to emerging economies, the IMF said in the latest
update of its World Economic Outlook.

As recovery takes hold in advanced economies, a "main challenge will be to
normalise monetary policy", the report suggested.

"While some of this expected normalisation has already been priced in both long
rates and exchange rates, we can expect complex capital movements across
countries for some time to come.

"The evidence is that emerging economies with weak macro frameworks may be most
affected. Clear communication by advanced economies' central banks and stronger
domestic policies in some emerging economies are essential to reduce this risk."

"Global growth is expected to increase in 2014 after having been stuck in low
gear in 2013," the report said. "The IMF forecasts global growth to average 3.7
per cent in 2014, up from 3 per cent in 2013 and to rise to 3.9 per cent in
2015."

This echoed what the World Bank said last week in its Global Economic Prospects
report which suggested that the world economy is on course for recovery in 2014
as advanced economies gain speed and pull emerging economies along with them.

"There will be more growth rotation from emerging economies to advanced
economies in 2014-15," Olivier Blanchard, the IMF's chief economist and director
of the IMF's Research Department, said in Washington upon release of the WEO.

"The overall picture is one of strengthening activity," the IMF said, "but with
no important differences across major economies and regions."

Growth in the US is expected to be 2.8 per cent in 2014, up from 1.9 per cent in
2013, while the euro area "is turning the corner from recession to recovery" and
growth there is projected to strengthen to one per cent in 2014 and 1.4 per cent
in 2015.

In Japan, "growth is expected to decelerate in 2014-15 after a strong pick-up in
2013", although slowing will be gradual, with new temporary fiscal stimulus
partly offsetting drag on demand from the consumption tax increase in early
2014.

Emerging and developing economies are meanwhile expected to see an increase in
growth to 5.1 per cent in 2014 and to 5.4 per cent in 2015 due partly to growth
in China which rebounded strongly in the second half of 2013 on an acceleration
in investment.

China's growth "surge" is expected to be temporary, however, the IMF said, in
part because of policy measures to slow credit growth and raise the cost of
capital. Growth is thus expected to moderate slightly to about 7.5 per cent in
2014-15.

Growth in India picked up after a favourable monsoon season and higher export
growth, and is expected to increase further owing to stronger structural
policies supporting investment, it said.

Other emerging and developing economies have started to benefit from stronger
external demand in advanced economies and China. In many, however, domestic
demand has remained weaker than expected.

For the Asean 5 economies (Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand and
Vietnam), the IMF projected that the average growth of 6.2 per cent achieved in
2012 declined to 5 per cent last year and would pick up only fractionally to 5.1
per cent in 2014 and then to 5.6 per cent in 2015.

Despite the overall favourable outlook for the global economy "important
downside risks are still a concern", the IMF noted.

"Inflation is projected to remain below target for some time (and if)
expectations of future inflation drift down in response, actual inflation could
turn out even lower than projected.

"That would increase real debt burdens and raise real interest rates, hampering
growth. And the likelihood of deflation in the event of adverse shocks to
activity would also increase."

For emerging economies, increased financial market and capital flow volatility
remain a concern, the report said, adding the recent combination of portfolio
shifts and domestic weaknesses could result in sharper capital outflows and
exchange rate adjustments. "As a result, strengthening global growth does not
mean that the global economy is out of the woods. The WEO Update emphasises that
ensuring robust growth and managing vulnerabilities remain policy priorities for
all countries."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

China's economy will keep playing to its own tune

BYLINE: Ross Gittins

SECTION: BUSINESS; Opinion & Analysis; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 959 words


On the prospects for China's economy, it's easy to be wrong. We analyse
unfamiliar things by comparing them with things we understand, but in its
massive size and economic history, China is one of a kind.

That's one conclusion I've drawn from a visit to China as a guest of the
Australia-China Relations Institute, at the University of Technology, Sydney,
and the All-China Journalists Association.

In recent years people in the world's financial markets have gone from ignoring
the Chinese economy to assuming it works the same way a developed economy does.

Hence the consternation in global share markets last year and again early this
year when China's sharemarket took a sharp dive.

Surely this meant its economy was in big trouble.

Well, maybe, but not for that reason. China is still a developing, middle-income
economy and its sharemarket is a relatively recent creation of its government,
lacking the strong links with the real economy we're used to in the West.

As Professor Peter Drysdale, of the East Asian Bureau of Economic Research at
the Australian National University, has explained, the worth of China's
sharemarket is equivalent to about a third of its gross domestic product,
compared with more than 100 per cent in developed economies.

It accounts for less than 15 per cent of the financial assets of China's
households, which is why formerly booming share prices did little to boost
consumer spending and why falling prices will do little to hurt consumption, he
says.

The market is dominated by individual investors rather than financial
institutions, as in the rich world, and Chinese companies don't rely on it for
capital-raising.

Much of the angst in the West over China's slowing rate of growth - from 10 per
cent a year for many years to 6.7 per cent over the year to June - reveals an
ignorance of how developing countries develop.

Provided they're well managed, it's easy for underdeveloped economies to grow
rapidly as workers move from the farm to a city factory and as existing Western
technology is taken off the shelf and applied.

But as the economy expands it becomes harder and then impossible to maintain
such high rates of expansion.

China's less dramatic growth rate of six point something is now "the new
normal", as its government says. Further slowing is possible in the next few
years.

We in the developed world - where growth rarely gets much higher than 2 or 3 per
cent a year - are so unfamiliar with such rapid growth rates that we forget the
basic arithmetic involved.

At a constant growth rate of 10 per cent, an economy doubles in about seven
years. At a constant rate of 6.7 per cent, it doubles in about 10. Consider
this: China's growth in 2005 of 11.3 per cent added $US338 billion to its size,
whereas growth of 7.4 per cent in 2014 added $US708 billion. It's the absolute
size of China's growth - its addition to gross world product - that matters most
to the rest of the world.

Another trap for foreign observers is to assume China has a market economy like
ours, or that the Chinese government is busy turning its economy into a market
economy.

That's easy to believe when you're told that, in 2014, China's private sector
produced at least two-thirds of its GDP, with the private sector creating more
than 90 per cent of the additional jobs and with the public sector accounting
for just 11 per cent of China's workforce (compared with 14 per cent in Oz).

But China's economy is still far from being a market economy like ours, and it's
not clear the Chinese government wants to make it one. Remember China's history.
In the 1950s, following the Communist revolution of 1949, private property was
expropriated and a planned economy established.

All that began changing after 1979, when Deng Xiaoping initiated the
far-reaching market-oriented reforms that have brought China's economy to where
it is today.

China's many remaining state-owned enterprises may not be as dynamic and
fast-growing as its private sector, but they remain an important part of the
economy. Indeed, they're a drag on the economy, often badly run with problems of
overproduction.

Many foreign economists are urging China to simply close or privatise its
remaining SOEs. And it's true that reforming them would be an important part of
raising China's productivity performance.

But it's not clear this is the intention of China's President (and general
secretary of the Communist Party), Xi Jinping. Some degree of reform may come,
but it may involve adopting market mechanisms where thought appropriate rather
than eliminating the government-owned business sector.

Making China's economy the same as any Western developed economy is unlikely to
be Xi's objective, even if it continues drifting in that direction. China
remains a one-party state, and the objective of that party is to remain in
power. That may mean reforming rather than eliminating SOEs, which are run by
officials.

Within China, power is shared between the central, provincial and municipal
governments, all of them run by party officials. Beijing's power is constrained.

Xi is unlikely to initiate any big changes before the Communist Party's 19th
national congress late next year, when he will be able to increase his grip on
power.

Economic reform and year-to-year economic management is guided by the 13th
five-year plan. Growth in GDP is not just a measure of economic success, it's a
political target.

Most Westerners believe continuing economic development and rising living
standards lead inevitably to democratic governance, and the cases of Taiwan and
South Korea add support to this idea.

But whether that applies to China remains to be seen. Certainly, it's a long way
off. The safest prediction is that China will do its own thing in its own way.

Twitter: @1RossGittins

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Angst in the West over China's slowing rate of growth reveals an
ignorance about how developing countries grow. ILLUSTRATION: Glen Le Lievre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 5, 2017 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Airline product updates likely mean higher prices

BYLINE: Ed Perkins; TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: F,F; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 696 words


Draconian limits on carry-on baggage will undoubtedly lead to confusion and
delays at boarding gates.

With varying starting dates this year, the big three U.S. lines will all be
offering a broader product range than in previous years, at least on many
flights. The net result: You'll probably pay more for your summer tickets.

Basic Economy. With the recent addition of American, all three giants will offer
a form of "basic" economy. Supposedly, fares are positioned to compete with the
likes of Allegiant, Frontier and Spirit. The "hard" product - seat width and
legroom - is the same as regular economy, and basic economy travelers sit
throughout the economy cabin, but the basic fares carry onerous new
restrictions. On all three lines, tickets are completely nonrefundable and
nonexchangeable: Use it as is, or lose it.

Seat assignments are available only at check-in time, meaning that folks on
these tickets likely end up in middle seats and many family groups are separated
for the flight. For the most part, you aren't able to upgrade basic economy
tickets, either by paying or through frequent flier status. You earn frequent
flier mileage but maybe not credit toward elite status. And American and United
allow only a "personal item" carry-on that will fit under a seat, not a larger
bag for an overhead bin. These limits apply to ordinary travelers: Elite-level
frequent fliers enjoy exemptions.

At least so far, the big three lines offer the basic option only on "selected"
flights, where, presumably, travelers are most sensitive to price or competition
from the ultra-low-cost lines is strongest. For now, the new approach is limited
to domestic flights, but there's no reason it couldn't apply on international
flights, as well. Because the hard product is no different, airlines have
ultimate flexibility as to how they allocate seats in the cabin on any flight
between basic and regular economy. And an airline can implement the new fare
system as quickly as it wants.

So far, the niche lines are silent. Alaska and Hawaiian, which compete with the
giants on so many routes, may decide to follow, but JetBlue, which targets a
slightly upscale niche, may not.

The net result is that most of you will wind up paying more for regular economy
than before, as you will likely feel the need to buy first-level-up tickets.
Clearly, the big lines wouldn't make these changes unless they expected to gain
additional profit. And draconian limits on carry-on baggage will undoubtedly
lead to confusion and delays at boarding gates.

Premium Economy. American and Delta are both adding true premium economy to
their wide-body fleets. True premium economy provides wider seats, eight to 10
inches more front-to-rear space than regular economy, improved cabin service,
and usually dedicated check-in lines and priority boarding. True premium economy
is much like business class when it was first introduced, and is a really
comfortable product during daytime. United hasn't announced anything yet, but
most industry mavens figure it will follow American and Delta.

True premium economy does not work on the narrow-body A320 and B737/757 families
that dominate domestic flying: The only feasible arrangement would be
five-across, and nobody seems to be interested in that option, so you'll see
domestic true premium economy only on premium long-haul routes that use
wide-body planes. On intercontinental routes, prices average about 70 percent
more than regular economy.

True premium economy requires a new cabin layout, so airlines will introduce it
gradually, starting with the newest planes just off the assembly lines. Older
planes will get it during periodic refurbishment.

American will retain "stretched" economy along with premium. That means some
planes may have five different cabin configurations: Economy, stretched economy,
premium economy, business class, and first class. Again, Delta and United will
probably follow.

Among the niche lines, only Hawaiian is likely to add true premium economy, to
be competitive on its international routes to Asia and the South Pacific. Alaska
and JetBlue fly only narrow-body planes, so you won't see either doing true
premium economy.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            January 3, 2017 Tuesday

SIA rolling out more planes with premium economy cabins;
4 in 10 of its planes offer cabins with wider seats; airline says demand
especially strong on long-haul routes

BYLINE: Karamjit Kaur

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


Singapore Airlines (SIA) is banking on premium economy services to entice
travellers to pay more for extra comfort.

About four in 10 SIA planes now offer the service, slightly more than a year
since it rolled out premium economy cabins, which offer perks such as more
legroom and better food.

And the carrier said it will continue to retrofit more aircraft with such cabins
to meet travellers' needs.

Demand is especially strong on long-haul routes, said SIA spokesman Nicholas
Ionides.

The premium economy cabin includes features such as wider seats with greater
recline and more legroom.

GOOD OPTION FOR LONGER FLIGHTS

The wider seat, more legroom and greater recline were much welcomed on the
longer flight. Would I pay out of my own pocket for premium economy? For a short
flight, no. For longer journeys, it makes sense if the price is right. I think
30 to 40 per cent more is reasonable.

MR RAYMAN SOM, 51, a human resource director who travels four to five times a
year. He has flown twice on SIA's premium economy class at company expense.

First introduced more than two decades ago, such cabins are now found on more
than 50 carriers worldwide, including American, European and Asian airlines.

Apart from SIA, airlines that have rolled out such cabins in recent years
include Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific, which introduced them in 2012.

Middle Eastern airlines, which have so far resisted the option, are now
considering it as well.

Premium economy services have caught on as they are popular with travellers who
do not mind paying more for extra comfort, especially on long-haul flights.

Cost-conscious businesses are also turning to them as an option for their
executives on work trips, experts said.

A premium economy ticket can cost up to 1 ½ times more than the economy fare,
though this also varies depending on routes and time of travel.

"The difference between the economy and premium economy fares for last-minute
bookings can reduce significantly to just around 20 per cent to 30 per cent in
some cases," said Mr Akshay Kapoor, director (Asia-Pacific) at CWT Solutions
Group, which manages travel for corporate clients.

While most airlines have taken a keen interest in the premium economy product,
most tend to roll this out rather cautiously, he said.

The number of premium economy seats is typically below 10 per cent of the total
number of seats on the aircraft, said Mr Kapoor.

One concern that airlines have is that instead of economy travellers upgrading,
business travellers could end up downgrading.

Mr Brendan Sobie, a Singapore-based analyst at the Centre for Aviation
think-tank, said: "The idea is always to get economy class passengers to upgrade
rather than to cannibalise business class.

"However, there is always some cannibalisation - generally not a significant
amount but there's always the risk."

At Cathay Pacific and SIA, premium economy passengers are a mix of those who
have downgraded from business and those who used to fly economy but are
increasingly drawn to premium economy, especially on long-haul flights to North
America and Europe, for example.

However, given the uncertain global economic outlook, experts expect more
business travellers to downgrade.

Mr Kapoor said: "With continued economic uncertainty expected over the next few
quarters, we believe that organisations will increasingly be seeking avenues to
drive savings in their travel spend without having to cut down on the amount
they travel.

"Taking premium economy over business class could save 60 to 70 per cent of the
airfare and allow for more trips to a destination for the same dollar amount."

Mr Rayman Som, 51, a human resource director who travels four to five times a
year, has flown twice on SIA's premium economy class on company expense.

He said he took a short flight to Hong Kong the first time, so it did not make
much difference. But he flew to Paris the second time and it proved a different
experience.

"The wider seat, more legroom and greater recline were much welcomed on the
longer flight," he said.

He added: "Would I pay out of my own pocket for premium economy? For a short
flight, no. For longer journeys, it makes sense if the price is right. I think
30 to 40 per cent more is reasonable."

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIA's premium economy cabins boast features such as wider seats with
greater recline and more legroom, as well as perks that include better food.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Nigeria loses to S'Africa as Africa's largest economy

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 1022 words


Notice: Undefined index: layout_id in
/var/www/vhosts/sunnews/wp-content/themes/fastnews/library/front.ph p on line
1663
Experts react By Omodele Adigun with Agency report More than two years after
emerging the biggest economy in Africa, Nigeria has finally been dethroned by
South Africa after its  economy regained the position in dollar terms with the
value of their currencies moving in opposite directions. Using the Gross
Domestic Product (GDP) at the end...

Experts react

By Omodele Adigun with Agency report

More than two years after emerging the biggest economy in Africa, Nigeria has
finally been dethroned by South Africa after its  economy regained the position
in dollar terms with the value of their currencies moving in opposite
directions.
Using the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) at the end of 2015, published by the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the size of South Africa's economy is $301
billion at the Rand's current exchange rate, while Nigeria's GDP is $296
billion. There after the rand gained more than 16 per cent against the dollar
since the start of 2016 and Nigeria's naira lost more than a third of its value
after the central bank removed a currency peg in June.
Both nations faced the risk of a recession after contracting in the first
quarter of the year. The Nigerian economy shrank by 0.4 per cent in the three
months through March from a year earlier amid low oil prices and output and
shortage of foreign currency. That curbed imports, including fuel. In South
Africa, GDP contracted by 0.2 per cent from a year earlier as farming and mining
output declined.
"More than the growth outlook, in the short term the ranking of these economies
is likely to be determined by exchange rate movements," Alan Cameron, an
economist at Exotix Partners LLP, said in e-mailed responses to questions on
August 2. Although Nigeria is unlikely to be unseated as Africa's largest
economy in the long run, "the momentum that took it there in the first place is
now long gone."
The South African Rand rallied as investors turned to emerging markets with
liquid capital markets to seek returns after Britain voted to leave the European
Union (EU) on June 23, even as the central bank forecast the economy won't
expand this year and the nation risks losing its investment-grade credit rating.

In Nigeria, investors didn't flock to buy naira-based assets after the Central
Bank of Nigeria (CBN) removed the peg of N197-N199 per dollar. The apex bank
raised its benchmark interest rate to a record in July to lure foreign money,
even as the IMF forecast the economy will contract 1.8 per cent this year.
Nigeria was assessed as the continent's largest economy in April 2014 when
administration officials overhauled its GDP data for the first time in two
decades. The recalculation saw the Nigerian economy in 2013 expand by
three-quarters to an estimated N80 trillion.
The rand gained 1 per cent to 13.2805 per dollar in Johannesburg yesterday,
while the naira weakened 2.7 per cent to N320 per dollar. Commenting on the new
ranking, the Management Director of Cowry Assets Management Ltd., Mr. Johnson
Chukwu, asked Nigerians not to lose sleep over the issue since the loss of the
number rank does not take away the fact that Nigeria's economy is a large
economy.
"The construction capacity is huge. Yes, we may face a temporary setback in form
of inflation, but the focus of the government at this stage should be coming up
with economic policies that would rejuvenate and strengthen the economy. How do
we restore growth? How do we diversify the economy so that ultimately, the naira
will recover or appreciate and then achieve a better standing than what we have
today?" he stated.
Chukwu was of the view that "it is only when the economy recovers that the
currency will be strengthened."
Also speaking, the Director General of Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry
(LCCI), Muda Lawal, opined that the figure is debatable, noting that the
contraction in the economy early this year was under .3.6 per cent.
"The contraction was not up to 1 per cent. There is no way the size of our
economy would have crashed by that size.
Granted that we have challenges in our economy, that does not mean, we would
have crashed to that level.
"However, looking at the fact that naira has depreciated more than 50 per cent,
one can say the report could be right. But in real sense of our economy, it
couldn't have been this bad."
The Director General of Nigeria Employers Consultative Association (NECA), Segun
Oshinowo, however, stated that the devaluation of the naira must have been
responsible for the slide.
"The devaluation must have wreaked the havoc for us, since the valuation is done
in dollar. Our currency has lost significantly and for the past two years, our
economy has not grown," he said.
He noted that for Nigeria to regain its position, it would need to diversify the
economy, look at the basic fundamentals as well as give serious thought to
developing the social and physical structure[#x200e] in the country.
He wondered what the rebasing has added to the coun[#x200e]try, saying, "what is
really the main significance to us other than ego as the biggest on the
continent. We need to look at World Bank variables. The issue of biggest
shouldn't be but what has happened to our unemployment level and our standard of
living. Countries like Norway, Netherland and Switzerland are not the biggest in
Europe but their standard of living rank among the biggest in the world. That is
what we should be looking at."

FORMER bald guy reveals #1 trick to regrow hair in 19 days

23 yrs boy started importation with N10,450. Read his story here!

How to get flat belly in just 9 days. Click Here

How a young Nigerian generate over N1,000,000 monthly via digital marketing

7 simple steps to earn N300,000 monthly online working 2hrs daily

Over N3 million monthly profit in importation business. Live training in Lagos.

Learn how to start the GSM recharge card printing business. Click Here!

Port Harcourt Internet Millionaires Seminar & training. Click here to Register

Housewife reveals how to turn N9,500 into N100,000 monthly. Click Here

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                                  May 16, 2016

First Lady's One Economy Raises N$4.5 Million

BYLINE: Edgar Brandt

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: Windhoek


Preliminary figures indicate that First Lady Monica Geingos' non-profit
organisation, the One Economy Foundation, which was launched during a glamorous
gala dinner at the Ramatex premises in Otjomuise on Saturday night, managed to
raise at least N$4.5 million.

The launch, which was attended by President Hage Geingob, captains of industry
and high-ranking government officials, virtually brought the Otjomuise
neighbourhood to a standstill as hundreds of influential people flocked to hear
what the new foundation has to offer. Cars were backed up for hundreds of
metres, congesting traffic.

One Economy, whose slogan is 'one Namibia, one economy' aims to build a bridge
of opportunity between the formal, urban economy and the informal, rural
economy. "It was intentional to have the launch at Otjomuise. There are people
here tonight who have never been to Otjomuise before and I must admit that this
was a bit of a logistical inconvenience. However, you cannot bring two economies
together without some inconvenience," Geingos told the massive gathering.

The established projects for One Economy Foundation have the notion that
opportunity needs to be underpinned by support.

"One Economy is about providing fair opportunity. It's about providing people
with talent with opportunity. Succeeding in life should not depend on where you
live and who you know," said Geingos. She went on to explain some of the reasons
for establishing the foundation.

"There are people who want to help but they don't know how. There are people who
want to channel money but they don't know where and there are people who want to
volunteer their time but they do not want to waste it," said Geingos. The One
Economy Foundation, she added, will give people who are willing to help the
answers they have been looking for.

The first lady said that one of the main aims of the foundation is to close the
income inequality gap by providing opportunities to the majority of Namibians
who operate in the informal economy and on the peripheries of the first economy.

"In order to meaningfully address structural poverty and unsustainably high
levels of income and wealth inequality, it is critical that we build a bridge of
opportunity, facilitating more Namibians to enter or elevate their participation
in the first economy," Geingos explained.

In a nutshell, the foundation aims to facilitate the social and economic
participation of identified communities to break aspects of the poverty cycle by
highlighting root causes, maximising the potential of as many citizens and to
strengthen those that are already on track to become better.

The foundation has a special focus but is not solely limited to informal
business owners, rural and township economies, youth empowerment and women
empowerment. Each of the foundation's programmes is aligned to complement key
aspects of the Harambee Prosperity Plan (HPP) and President Geingob's declared
war on poverty. One Economy has embraced a multi-pronged, four-year strategy
and, similarly to the HPP, is based on pillars. One Economy's pillars are
Entrepreneurship and Enterprise Development; Integrated Early Childhood
Development and Talent Identification; Gender-based Violence, Health; and
Institutional Strategic Support Programme.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Islamic Economy Summit opens with global participation

BYLINE: Babu Das Augustine Banking Editor

LENGTH: 747 words


Dubai: The second edition of the Global Islamic Economy Summit opens today at
Madinat Jumeirah with participation from more than 2,000 policymakers and
business leaders and finance professionals.

The Summit organised by Dubai Chamber, Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre
(DIEDC) and Thomson Reuters will examine the changing dynamics of the Islamic
economy.

The event aims to examine the seven core "pillars" within the Islamic economy.
They are: Islamic Finance, Halal Industry, Family Tourism, Islamic Knowledge,
Islamic Arts and Design, Islamic Digital Economy, and Islamic Standards.

The Islamic economy is one of the fastest growing sectors in the world, growing
at nearly twice the rate of the global economy and Muslim consumer spending in
excess of $1.8 trillion (Dh6.6 trillion). Islamic banking assets hover at some
$1.3 trillion and are expected to double in just five years from today.

The recently published State of the Global Islamic Economy report by DIEDC and
in partnership with Thomson Reuters and DinarStandard shows data that highlight
the significant progress achieved by the Islamic economy in its seven sectors,
and the promising opportunities offered by Islamic markets worldwide.

"In light of the insights provided by the State of the Global Islamic Economy
report into this multifaceted sector, we look forward to what will be two days
of prolific discussions and brainstorming among innovators and Islamic industry
experts from around the world. This platform is essentially a breeding ground of
ideas that will positively shape the Islamic economy in the years to come," said
Nadim Najjar, Managing Director of Thomson Reuters, Middle East and North
Africa.

Muslim population

The event is significant for Dubai as it aims to position itself as the global
capital of the Islamic economy. Globally, the Muslim population is growing at
twice the rate of the global population, and Muslim consumer spending across the
different sectors of the Islamic economy is expected to reach Dh9.55 trillion
($2.6 trillion) by 2020, compared to Dh6.6 trillion ($1.8 trillion) in 2014.

At a time when the global economy recorded growth of just 2.6 per cent in 2014,
with growth estimates increasing to 3.1 and 3.3 per cent in 2015 and 2016
respectively, the Islamic economy is seeing steady expansion overall,
particularly in Islamic banking and finance as international financial
institutions increasingly look to apply Sharia-compliant financial practices to
investments that meet requirements for sustainability and economic development.

Day one of the summit will kick off with a panel discussion on "Global and
Regional Economic Dynamics" by Mubarak Rashed Al Mansouri, Governor of Central
Bank of the UAE, who will discuss the impact of Islamic economies on global
markets and what to expect in the coming years. Led by a trio of prominent
leaders from the UAE's Islamic finance industry -- Dr Adnan Chilwan, Group CEO
of Dubai Islamic Bank, Tirad Al Mahmoud, Group CEO of Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank and
Jamal Bin Ghalaita, CEO of Emirates Islamic.

Crucial role

Islamic banking and Islamic finance will be a key area off discussion along with
other pillars of Islamic economy. "Islamic finance has a crucial role to play in
the growth of every sector of the Islamic economy and I look forward to the
discussion with my peers from other major Islamic banks at the GIES. Though we
may compete with each other on a regular basis, it is imperative for all Islamic
banks work in cohesion to develop a robust model and road map to further the
growth of the Islamic economy," said Jamal Bin Ghalaita.

Keynote speakers at the event also includes Abdullah Al Maeeni, Director General
of Emirates Authority for Standardization and Metrology, Hussain Al Qemzi, CEO
of Noor Awqaf, and Ambassador Hameed Opeloyeru, Assistant Secretary-General for
Economic Affairs of OIC. They will, respectively, discuss the need for a
standardised and effective regulatory framework in the growing food and cosmetic
and personal care sectors of the Islamic Economy, and the role of Islamic
finance in broadening the positive impact of the institution of awqaf.

The event is designed to include a number of sessions to address developments in
each of the seven pillars of Islamic economy. In addition to panel discussions
and extensive networking opportunities, GIES 2015 will feature a number of new
initiatives that address gaps in the needs of consumers of Islamic products and
services around the world.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

Commentary says June vote to mark new phase of progress for "new Turkey"

LENGTH: 777 words


Text of report in English by Turkish newspaper Yeni Safak website on 16 April

[Commentary by Erdal Tanas Karagol: "New Turkey's Second Progress Period"]

As we are approaching the June 7th general elections, every political party is
announcing their statements, related with how they will shape Turkey's future,
to the public. The forthcoming statement from AK Party, which started its
rulership journey in 2002 and continued this journey by increasing its votes in
both general elections in 2007 and 2011, has been expected for days.

The interest and curiosity shown to the statement announced by Prime Minister
Davutoglu yesterday was not only related with AK Party as the rulership, but
also related with the future vision it presents. In some way, this statement is
expressing that the political, social and economic transformation actualized in
Turkey during the last 12 years will be continuing with a new progress.

AK Party is the architect of the process comprising objectives from 2001 to 2023

In 2001, as well as many other fields, AK Party had taken over a completely
wrecked economy. As for the point arrived at in the economy after 12 years, AK
Party; successfully managed the 2008 global economic crisis, which had deeply
shaken many countries, especially European countries, that are in the
upper-middle income group nowadays; reduced inflation down to a single digit
number; constructed an economic structure, which reduced the loan interest from
levels of 60% to 7%.

These recoveries in the macroeconomic indicators had reduced the fragility
against the outer shocks, while expanding the maneuvering room for the Turkish
economy. The positive process in the economy also provided an increase in the
shares that people, who are in the lower and middle income group in the mid and
long term, got from the national income.

This is also the most distinctive feature of AK Party's successful performance
in the economy during its 12-year rulership. In other words, while the display
in the country's economy was gravitating towards being positive, this
transformation was reflected on the nation, rather than just on a certain
segment, as though it took place in the old periods.

As a result of the implementations carried out in the country's economy, the
social spending was increased; thus the community's and individuals' prosperity
also increased. This situation is forming the actual justification behind the
nation's acceptance of the economic success.

When the works/studies done in economy during the 2002 - 2014 periods are
examined under many titles, the Turkish economy's progress can easily be
understood. However, we already know that the point at which we stand with the
economy won't be sufficient for the objective "2023 Turkey" and we require new
great progress phases. Because New Turkey requires new great lunges politically,
socially and economically.

Thus, the beginning date of New Turkey's second progress will be June 7th.

The second progressive phase will start in the new economy

The past 12 years was a period, where there had been many radical changes, and
reforms had been implemented in order for the Turkish economy to get rid of old
habits and burdens. Now, we are looking at a new beginning.

The mortar of this beginning will be the channeling of the gains, which are
being procured while the macroeconomic consistency is maintained, to
microeconomic transformation with all its potential. At that point, the focus
will be on the sectoral transformation that will gain a new momentum in Turkey's
economy. While an effort will be put into increasing the economic contribution
from the many sectors, which form the essential building stones of the country's
economy, on the other hand, importance will be attached to different sectors,
where activity and efficiency are low.

The emphasis on structural transformation programs, remarks that the success in
economy is the most active tool of Turkey in global politics, and the fact that
the transformation with other fields will be destroying the new paradigm, is
showing the determination in the matter of the New Economy.

We need to state that this determination has a remarkable feature in AK Party's
vision of the economy. While the acquired success makes the objectives for the
New Economy more realistic, at the same time, it's a source of motivation for
maintaining success.

If new objectives would be put forth in every topic, for a paradigm change in
the economy, then these objectives stand as the evidence that we shouldn't fear
change, and the country will take action by designating its own agenda for the
economy.

Source: Yeni Safak website, Istanbul, in English 16 Apr 15

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                           December 26, 2013 Thursday

BRITISH ECONOMY WILL BE LARGEST IN EUROPE

LENGTH: 720 words


2030

BY DANIEL MARTIN WHITEHALL CORRESPONDENT

Britain will leapfrog Germany to become Europe's largest economy by 2030,
economists predict.

Thanks to our decision not to join the euro, we will overtake France in less
than five years to become the fifth-largest economy in the world.

In a significant boost to George Osborne's austerity programme, the Centre for
Economics and Business Research (CEBR)hailed the UK as the second-best
performing economy in the Western world after the United States - and said
France was one of the worst.

Our strong currency, low taxes and the projected rise in our population - in
contrast with some of our competitors - means our GDP will outstrip France by
2018 and Germany 12 years later.

But competition from emerging economies means India and Brazil will overtake us
by 2028, pushing us to seventh in the world economic league table.

By then, France will be only the 13th largest economy in the world - a
humiliating blow to the proud nation and an indictment of current Socialist
president Francois Hollande's policies.

The CEBR said Britain has prospered outside the eurozone and will continue to do
so, while our low taxes have promoted growth.

By comparison, things are so bad in recession-hit Italy that this year the size
of its economy has been exceeded by Russia.

Britain avoided a double-dip recession in the wake of the 2008 global economic
crisis, and has now returned steadfastly to growth.

The UK's economy is set to grow by 1.4 per cent this year - well ahead of
countries struggling under the yoke of the eurozone.

Last night a Treasury spokesman said the study vindicates George Osborne's
austerity programme. He said: Britain's hard work is paying off and the
long-term economic plan is working.

The economy is growing, the deficit is falling and jobs are being created and
while this report is encouraging, the job is not yet done. So the Government
will go on taking the difficult decisions needed to secure a responsible
recovery for all.'

The study by the CEBR looks at the 30 largest economies in the world and
predicts how they will fare in the coming years.

It finds that China will overtake the US as the world's largest economy in
around 2028. The report outlines how the so-called BRIC countries - Brazil,
Russia, India and China - will soon start to outstrip their Western counterparts
as their industrialisation takes hold.

India is predicted to outstrip Japan's economy by 2028. Despite this exceptional
rise, Britain is still giving the country millions of pounds in aid.

Hailing the strength of Britain's recovery, the CEBR said population growth
would be a factor in our future success. Germany, on the other hand, is set to
see its population plummet.

However, the CEBR warned that Britain's prospects could be harmed if it fails to
trade more with developing and growing countries such as China.

The economists hinted that leaving the EU could also be bad for our prospects,
and that if Scotland leaves the union that would hit the size of our GDP.

Their report added: The factors driving the UK's overtaking Germany are the
assumption of a falling value for the Euro, Germany's falling population and the
UK's rising population.'

The CEBR said that by 2028, the UK economy is forecast to be only 3 per cent
smaller than the German economy, meaning it is likely to become the largest
Western European economy by around 2030. If the euro breaks up, the outlook for
German GDP would be much better and the outlook for the other European economies
correspondingly worse.

On the assumption that the euro holds, Germany drops from the fourth-largest
economy in 2013 to the sixth largest in 2028 - after which it would drop below
the UK. For France the drop is worse - from fifth in 2013 to 10th in 2023 and
13th in 2028.

CEBR's latest forecasts now show China overtaking the US in 2028 to become the
world's largest economy. This is later than some analysts have suggested and
reflects the continuing performance of the US as the West's strongest economy
and the slowing down of the Chinese economy.

India is expected to overtake Japan in 2028 to become the world's third largest
economy.

Brazil overtook the UK in 2011 to briefly become the world's sixth largest
economy. But it has since fallen back and is not expected to overtake again
until 2023.

Comment - Page 14

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2013 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                              July 25, 2004 Sunday

Top firms bullish on economy

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 476 words


All of 100 major companies surveyed recently by The Yomiuri Shimbun believe the
Japanese economy has been recovering or has entered a recovery phase, but many
of them are concerned about possible dangers, such as a downturn in overseas
economies and a rise in domestic long-term interest rates.

In the preceding survey of this kind conducted in April, 95 of the companies had
bullish expectations for the domestic economy.

Asked to describe the current state of the economy, 17 companies (up from three
in the April survey) said the recovery was in top gear, 72 firms (up from 65)
said the economy was firmly on a recovery track, and 11 (down from 27) said the
economy had entered a recovery phase but the uptrend was slow.

In answer to a related question, 60 companies expected the economy to move into
a full recovery by the end of the year, with 29 of them saying the economy began
recovering during the January-March quarter of this year.

Asked to list the factors behind bullish business sentiment, the increase in
corporate capital investment and improved earnings were both mentioned by 65
companies.

Thirty-one companies pointed to the upturn of the Asian economy as a whole and
that of the Chinese economy, and 25 firms cited a recovery of the U.S. economy.

Asked about their concerns, 75 companies--up from 51 in the April survey--were
uneasy about possible deterioration of overseas economies and 49 businesses were
wary of a possible rise in domestic long-term interest rates.

Despite an across-the-board improvement in business confidence, only 20
companies were confident of seeing the Japanese economy emerge from deflation by
the end of the year.

Instead, 59 companies expected the deflationary phase to come to an end only in
or after the second half of 2005 when they predict the Bank of Japan will end
its policy of quantitative monetary easing.

Asked to assess the results of the July 11 House of Councillors election, five
companies said the poll outcome indicated voter approval of Prime Minister
Junichiro Koizumi's Cabinet, while 33 saw the results as an indication of public
discontent with the administration.

Regarding the reasons why Koizumi had lost support, 26 companies said voters had
become disenchanted with his administration because of the lack of progress on
pension system reform, compared with 15 firms that cited the delay in the reform
of postal services or road-related public highway corporations.

Asked which issues the government should now put at the top of its agenda, 32
companies called for far-reaching reform of the pension system, 24 looked
forward to further deregulation and 18 wanted the Cabinet to work harder on
promoting economic recovery.

As for Koizumi's drive to privatize Japan Post, only one company said the issue
should be a key plank of reform initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              372 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 6, 2003 Thursday

Dark side of B.C.'s economy grows like weed

BYLINE: MARY LYNN YOUNG

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS COLUMN; View From B.C.; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 869 words


When a home in a tony Vancouver neighbourhood makes an international marijuana
magazine because it houses a large growing operation, you know that things
aren't necessarily what they seem on the West Coast.

The provincial economy is no different. British Columbia is experiencing a
financial downturn, at the same time that it is home to the most vibrant
underground economy in Canada, according to the Business Council of B.C. The
economic dark side is estimated to account for 15 per cent of the province's GDP
or $20-billion a year. This figure exceeds the annual sales of its forest
industry.

What does this economic alter ego mean for the struggling province? The B.C.
government isn't realizing a lot of income that it would usually receive, and
some sectors, such as housing, are being inflated. In the end, this financial
yin and yang - which tend to work in tandem with both going up and down at the
same time - misrepresent British Columbia's fiscal picture and cost its
residents money.

Some of the largest effects of the underground economy, which includes both
legal and illegal activity, can be found in the drug economy and the booming
B.C. housing market.

According to the RCMP, British Columbia has become a huge producer and exporter
of marijuana, which by some estimates now ranks as the province's largest cash
crop. The provincial drug economy is such a boon - pegged at almost $7-billion
or 40 per cent of the total marijuana trade in Canada - that Forbes magazine
made B.C. bud its cover story for its recent issue. The article contends that
high-tech marijuana growing operations are already big business here and about
to "get bigger." In legal industries, a percentage of revenue would wind up in
the tax stream as support for the provincial economy. In an illegal industry,
such as the drug trade, some of the money still trickles down into the economy,
but not enough to avert a bigger tax burden being placed on those B.C. residents
who are already paying their share.

The hot B.C. housing market is another area that has been affected by the
underground economy. Recent Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. figures project
that British Columbia will have the highest percentage of growth in housing
starts nationally in 2003-04. Here, the effects of the underground economy are
more subtle - but important nonetheless.

Cheerleading from the local media and real estate industry pundits aside, the
already overpriced Vancouver real estate market is probably receiving a boost
from the underground economy. For instance, Jock Finlayson, executive
vice-president of the business council, questions where the money for new sales
is coming from, when key economic indicators such as output per person, long
considered a benchmark of economic success, indicate that the province has been
performing abysmally.

Local analysts have suggested that income from the total underground economy is
partly fuelling the housing boom. British Columbia's economy includes the
highest proportion of self-employed people in Canada, a large service industry
and the well-known marijuana trade. Self-employment offers opportunities to
conceal income that are unavailable to most people with paid jobs, while service
sector industry transactions are often difficult for tax officials to police.

The underground economy has another impact on housing sales that relates to
labour and quality. McMaster University PhD candidate Lindsay Tedds, who is one
of five specialists in the underground economy in Canada, says a large
proportion of new-home builders in British Columbia have reported the financial
dark side to be a critical issue. Their worry arises from concern that an
overheated housing market will increase the demand for an underground labour
supply from the construction industry. Ms. Tedds says that houses built by
builders and construction workers using underground labour may not be as
structurally sound as those built by reputable builders, and this could lead to
a greater incidence of problems with new homes.

In the end, British Columbia may have the most vibrant underground economy in
Canada, but it is also part of a nationwide alternative economy, which analysts
suggest is alive and growing. The reason for this boom is related to the overall
tax burden in this country. Academic studies on the underground economy have
found a significant link between high taxes and the size of the underground
economy, with reductions in the tax burden related to lower illicit activity.
"It is important for the government to understand the relationship between all
policies, such as taxes, the regulatory burden, perceived fairness, and
enforcement of tax evasion," Ms. Tedds says. And it is incumbent on policy
makers to address these issues to encourage people to participate in the larger
tax structure.

The B.C. government would be well advised to consider examining these tensions
and the erosion of its tax base provincially. Accessing some of the undeclared
income generated through the underground economy would be a welcome boost to
provincial coffers.

Mary Lynn Young is an assistant professor at the University of British
Columbia's School of Journalism.

mlyoung@interchange.ubc.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 06, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

More Signs of Manufacturing's Weakened Role

Tim Smart, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01; TRENDLINES: REMAKING THE U.S. ECONOMY

LENGTH: 823 words



Does manufacturing matter?

Once, the practice of making things powered the U.S. economy, and when fortunes
turned down in the industrial sector, the overall economy suffered mightily. But
this week's release of the December index from the National Association of
Purchasing Managers -- showing the weakest performance for the manufacturing
sector since the end of the last recession in 1991 -- proves the general economy
is no longer as susceptible to the vicissitudes of industry as it once was.

After all, as the chart at the right shows, the manufacturing sector has been on
a steady decline for much of the past year, largely because of a decline in
exports to the troubled economies of Asia and Latin America. Yet the overall
U.S. economy is still humming along, with consumer spending soaring, cars
selling at a robust pace and spending on construction posting its sixth straight
monthly increase in November.

"What we have clearly is an economy that is bifurcated," said Richard Rippe, an
economist at Prudential Securities Inc.

The consumer-driven and services-dependent economy, largely domestic in its
orientation, is robust, Rippe said. Contrast that strength with the weakness the
purchasing managers' data show in the part of the economy that relies upon
exports and makes goods. Prices in that sector tend to be set globally.

The monthly gauge of manufacturing activity -- which includes separate indexes
of employment, pricing and orders -- fell to 45.1 in December from 48.6 a month
earlier. That put it at the lowest point in eight years. A reading below 50
means the manufacturing sector is contracting rather than expanding.

The effect of low commodities prices, including oil prices hovering at the
lowest level in about a decade, is also evident in the manager's pricing index,
which registered its lowest reading in 50 years.

"The NAPM index indicates clear weakness in the U.S. economy," said a memo to
clients from Bridgewater Associates Inc., a Wilton, Conn., economic advisory
firm.

Still, the downturn in manufacturing has yet to derail the economy, and some
segments in which manufacturing does play a part, such as housing and autos, are
showing continued strength.

"It doesn't look as if the manufacturing sector is having a negative feedback
effect on the general economy," said Nancy Lazar, an economist at the ISI Group
Inc.

In some ways, the manufacturing sector's woes help other parts of the economy.
Worldwide excess production capacity in many industries is helping hold down
prices for big-ticket consumer items such as cars, contributing to the consumer
spending boom that is fueling much of the current economic growth. And the
combination of low interest rates and low inflation is helping buoy the stock
market -- itself a source of confidence in the rest of the economy.

The decline in oil prices illustrates this economic paradox. While the decrease
shows up in the purchasing managers' index through declining employment in the
oil exploration industry and in soft prices for oil and refined petroleum
products, low gasoline prices are a huge boost to the economy in general.

"The effect of low energy prices is like a big tax cut for consumers," said Sung
Won Sohn, economist at Wells Fargo & Co. in Minneapolis.

The economic reality is that manufacturing is just not as important a part of
the economy as it used to be, even though jobs in the sector tend to pay well
and come with good benefits.

That may be hard to swallow for some economists and members of the labor
movement who cling to an outdated notion of the role of manufacturing and who
bemoan the loss of manufacturing jobs in recent years. But other analysts would
counter that these changes represent the continuing evolution of the nation's
economy, much as the farm economy gave way to the industrial economy earlier in
this century.

The shrinking role of manufacturing reflects the continuing shift of the U.S.
economy away from reliance on natural resources and commodity-based
manufacturing toward an increasing focus on electronics- and knowledge-based
industries, said Norbert Ore, who oversees the purchasing managers' monthly
surveys.

Even manufactured goods have changed in ways that make them less dependent on
the industries of yesteryear.

"There's more weight of electronics in cars today than there is weight of
steel," Ore said.

Jerry Jasinowski, president of the National Association of Manufacturers,
acknowledged manufacturing's diminished role in the economy but said it is
manufacturers who buy many of the services upon which the economy is becoming
more dependent. Those include administrative services such as payroll and health
care as well as some of the very information technology services that have made
manufacturing less labor-intensive.

"Manufacturing has become a smaller part of the economy, in terms of
employment," Jasinowski said.



LOAD-DATE: January 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              374 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

St. Joseph News-Press, Mo., Susan Mires column: It's the stupid economy

BYLINE: Susan Mires, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


Mar. 12--It's blamed for every evil in the world.

It's the ogre that has devoured cheerfulness and turned us into dour
curmudgeons. Name any ill and somehow it can be traced back to one insidious
source: The Economy.

Kansas City Power & Light wants to raise electric rates. Because the economy is
so tight, the utility doesn't have access to capital. Residents say this economy
makes it a terrible time to raise rates.

The economy is a rolling blackout sucking the power out of the country.

My friend's high blood pressure is acting up because she's worried that her
husband, the sole provider of income for the family, will lose his job.

The economy is the Grim Reaper trolling for souls.

Everyone loves little children and wants them to receive a good education, but
the ranks of voters lining up against the St. Joseph School District's proposed
bond issue is swelling. The No. 1 reason they'll vote against it is that nasty
old economy.

The economy is Sherman's March to the Sea, torching everything in its path.

I put in an 11-hour day one day last week. Since I was covering people blaming
the economy for everything, it's undeniable that the economy is a cruel task
master.

Might as well get used to working longer. The stock market, once a ticket to
Easy Street, has nose-dived, turning retirement funds and 401(k)s into empty
promises.

The economy makes it feel like we're living in the mythical land of Narnia where
it's always winter but never Christmas.

East Hills Shopping Center boasts a lovely refurbished facade, half filled with
shops. Who is going to open a new store in a recession?

This economy is the rain on everybody's parade.

Nebraska is facing a crisis as the market for great northern beans -- the
Cornhusker state produces 85 percent of the U.S. supply -- has shriveled in the
recession.

The economy is Chinese water torture.

In an attempt to revive the economy, interest rates have been slashed so if
you're able to put anything into savings, it's not earning anything.

The economy is Snidely Whiplash tying Little Nell to the railroad tracks.

The other night I had a dream that one of the city's largest employers had filed
for bankruptcy. It's disgusting that the economy has even invaded my sleep. Just
to be sure, I checked with the company and everything is fine.

But this economy is a nightmare on Elm Street.

Layoffs continue to rack up and able-bodied workers are becoming desperate to
find jobs.

I really hate this economy.

Business editor Susan Mires writes

a weekly column. She can be reached

at susanm@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090312-JM-St-Joseph-News-Press-Mo-Susan-Mires-column-0312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2009 St. Joseph News-Press


                              375 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday

Research firm finds robust El Paso economy bucks trend

BYLINE: By Vic Kolenc / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 508 words



 Business

EL PASO -- The Sun City is one of only 58 metro areas in the country with an
expanding economy, a report by a national economic research firm shows.

Moody's Economy.com each month uses employment, industrial production and other
economic data to put together a recession indicator showing which of 380 metro
area economies are expanding, in recession or at risk of going into recession.

Its most recent report with August data found 251 metro areas were in recession,
and 71 were at risk of going into recession, including Las Cruces. One-third of
the metro areas labeled as expanding were in Texas. The Beaumont-Port Arthur
area and Amarillo were the only Texas metro areas considered to be in recession.

Texas was one of seven states with expanding economies. Twenty-seven states were
in recession.

El Paso's economy has been in expansion this year and last year, Moody's data
show.

"Employment is still rising in El Paso, which is hard to do in this (national)
economy. Housing is in the tank in most of the country and is still doing well
in El Paso," said Ed Friedman, an economist for Moody's Economy.com in
Pennsylvania.

Much of El Paso's good economic fortune is tied to Fort Bliss expansion,
Friedman said. "It's a good time to have this (Army post expansion) because the
rest of the economy is going down."

Ernie Koury, owner of 16 Little Caesars Pizza outlets, including 14 in El Paso,
said Moody's characterization of the El Paso economy appears to be correct.

"I always found that El Paso doesn't always mirror the national economy," Koury
said. "We have so many things that influence our economy: the border, the
military, industry, UTEP, the (Texas Tech) medical school. We're in our own
little bubble." However, he said, some retailers are having a tough time right
now.

Bob Cook, president of the El Paso Regional Economic Development Corp., agreed
that the "diversity of our economy" allows El Paso to "weather the stormy waters
we're seeing nationally."

The current national economic crisis and the coming presidential election have
slowed companies'decision-making on relocations, Cook said. But the bad national
economy may help draw companies here looking to cut operating costs, he said.

Tom Fullerton, an economics professor at the University of Texas at El Paso,
said Moody's report is no surprise because Fort Bliss and other factors are
keeping El Paso's economy moving.

"Going into the fourth quarter, there are a few more storm clouds that I see on
the horizon" because El Paso unemployment has inched up in August and September,
Fullerton said. That's "worrisome," he said.

Vic Kolenc may be reached at vkolenc@elpasotimes.com; 546-6421.

For more information: www.economy.com.



Economic status
The economic rating of selected metro areas in the United States as reported by
Moody's Economy.com:

     ·    Phoenix: Recession.San Diego: At risk of recession.Albuquerque:
          Expansion.Las Cruces: At risk.Las Vegas: Recession.Tulsa, Okla.:
          Recession.Austin: Expansion.San Antonio: Expansion.El Paso:
          Expansion.Beaumont: Recession.Waco: At risk.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     April 2, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Economy in bad shape, Angus Reid poll claims

BYLINE: BRAD EVENSON; SOUTHAM NEWS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 318 words


A Southam News-Angus Reid poll indicates that most Canadians think the economy
is in bad shape. But consumer confidence in the future is increasing slightly.

Six out of 10 Canadians polled from March 21 to 25 believed the national economy
was either poor or very poor. Their perception is that the economy hasn't
improved much since January, and is worse than last September, when 47 per cent
of those polled thought the economy was in good shape.

But 27 per cent of the 1,520 Canadians, who were polled by telephone, said they
thought the economy would improve in the next year. Conversely, 29 per cent of
respondents expected the economy would get worse.

That's a significant improvement over January, when only 18 per cent thought the
economy would improve in the ensuing 12 months, and 35 per cent figured it would
get worse.

The poll is considered accurate within 2.5 percentage points, 19 times out of
20. The margin of error is larger for regional results.

Western Canadians, in general, were more bullish on the economy, especially
those in British Columbia, where 51 per cent of respondents said the current
economy was good. Quebecers rated it much lower, with 69 per cent of respondents
saying it was poor or very poor.

Albertans were the most optimistic. Of 137 Albertans polled, 38 per cent
expected the country's economy to improve during the next 12 months while only
19 per cent thought it would worsen. They were even more optimistic about the
fortunes of their own province; 57 per cent expected the Alberta economy to
improve and only 11 per cent thought it would get worse.

More than a third of Ontario respondents -- 35 per cent -- thought that
province's economy would get worse during the next 12 months. That's a marked
increase from the pre-Mike Harris days. Last May, only 20 per cent of Ontarians
polled thought the province's economy would get worse.


LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1994 Yale Law Journal Company
                                Yale Law Journal

                                   June, 1994

                                Yale Law Journal

                               103 Yale L.J. 2289

LENGTH: 7532 words

SYMPOSIUM: THE INFORMAL ECONOMY: The Informal Economy: Between New Developments
and Old Regulations.

NAME: Saskia Sassen +

BIO:



   + Professor of Urban Planning, Columbia University.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The growth of an informal economy in the large cities of highly developed
countries prompts new questions about the relationship between economy and
regulation today. ...  Nevertheless, the informal economy (as I use the term)
does not include every transaction that happens to evade regulation. ... While
there are certain activities that lend themselves more to informalization than
others, it is not the intrinsic characteristics of those activities, but rather
the boundaries of state regulation, that determine their informalization. ...
Instead, the shape of the informal economy changes according to the
opportunities created and constraints imposed by the formal economy. ...  The
impact of the shift in demand appears in both the formal economy and the
informal economy.  (Recall that, by my definition, activities in the informal
economy have counterparts in the formal economy. ...  Services in the formal
economy for high-income customers have proliferated, as have services in the
informal economy for low-income customers. ...  During the same period, branch
services increased in the suburbs and in high-income areas in New York City. ...
Destroying the incipient mini-complex of neighborhood firms represented by the
informal economy is, I think, a mistake, because neighborhood firms are one of
the few forms of economic growth evident in these communities. ... A third major
trend concerns the organization of space in today's economy, particularly in
large cities. ...

TEXT:
 [*2289]  The growth of an informal economy in the large cities of highly
developed countries prompts new questions about the relationship between economy
and regulation today.  As I shall employ the term, the "informal economy" refers
to those income-generating activities occurring outside the state's regulatory
framework that have analogs within that framework.  The scope and character of
the informal economy are defined by the very regulatory framework it evades.
For this reason, the informal economy can only be understood in terms of its
relationship to the formal economy -- that is, regulated income-generating
activity.

   The main theories of economic development -- whether proffered by the
modernization or the Marxist schools of thought -- do not foresee the inevitable
emergence of an informal economy in highly developed countries.  Such theories
do allow for criminal activities and underreporting of income in advanced
economies; these activities do not signal the presence of any novel or
unexplained economic dynamic.  Income underreporting, for instance, is
acknowledged as an inevitable response to the state's implementation of a tax
system.  Nevertheless, the main theories of economic development have yet to
adequately explain the phenomenon of the informal economy in advanced capitalist
(usually urban) societies.

   Until recently, theorization about the informal economy has focused on the
shortcomings of less developed economies: their inability to attain full
modernization, to stop excess migration to the cities, and to implement
universal education and literacy programs.  n1 The growth of an informal economy
in highly developed countries has been explained as the result of immigration
from the Third World and the replication here of survival strategies typical of
the home countries of migrant workers.  Related to this conception is the notion
that "backward" sectors of the economy, such as the garment industry, remain
backward (or even continue to exist) because a large supply of cheap immigrant
labor is available.  Both of these views imply that if there is an informal
economy in highly developed countries, it is solely  [*2290]  attributable to
Third World immigration and the existence of backward sectors of the economy,
not to the nature of the current phase of advanced economies.

   Rather than simply assume the truth of such an argument, we must critically
examine the role that Third World immigration might or might not play in the
informalization process.  Although immigrants, insofar as they tend to form
communities, may be in a favorable position to seize the opportunities presented
by informalization, immigrants do not necessarily create such opportunities.
Instead, the opportunities may well be a structured outcome of the composition
of advanced economies.  The argument presented here is that informalization must
be seen in the context of the economic restructuring that has contributed to the
decline of the manufacturing-dominated industrial complex of the postwar era and
the rise of a new, service-dominated economic complex.  n2 The specific
mediating processes that promote informalization of work are: (1) increased
earnings inequality, and the concomitant restructuring of consumption in
high-income and very-low-income strata; and (2) the inability of providers of
many of the goods and services that are part of the new consumption to compete
for necessary resources in urban contexts, where leading sectors have sharply
bid up the prices of commercial space, labor, auxiliary services, and other
factors of production.  The growing inequality in earnings among consumers, and
the growing inequality in profit-making capabilities among firms in different
sectors in the urban economy, have promoted the informalization of a growing
array of economic activities.  These shifts in earnings and profit-making
capabilities are integral conditions for the current phase of advanced
capitalism developing in major cities.  The new, advanced services complex,
typically oriented toward world markets and capable of generating extremely high
profits, dominates these cities.  The conditions giving rise to informal
economies in these cities cannot be said to be imported from the Third World.

   To explain the source of informal economies in advanced urban societies, I
consider the differential impact that (1) immigration and (2) conditions in the
economy at large may have upon the formation and expansion of informal
income-generating processes.  Each of these factors has specific implications
for research and policy development.  If conditions in the economy at large have
a greater impact on the development of informal economies, then we need to
deepen our understanding of the nature of advanced capitalism.  But if
immigration has the greater impact, then we may indeed find adequate the current
development theories of advanced economies or the post-industrial society, which
allow no room for phenomena such as informalization.  Similarly, the primacy of
immigration would suggest, at its crudest, that policymakers should control
immigrant activity in order to eradicate the  [*2291]  informal economy.  If,
however, conditions in the economy at large are primary, as I argue, then
policymakers should stop approaching the informal economy as an anomaly.  They
should instead view the informal economy as a necessary outgrowth of advanced
capitalism.  Rather than treat its components as isolated deviations from the
norm, policymakers should recognize that a new norm has developed; rather than
attempt to make this new norm fit the regulations developed decades ago, they
should develop new regulations to fit this norm.

   Elsewhere I have argued that it might be useful to think in terms of
regulatory "fractures," rather than regulatory "violations." Increasingly,
economic processes diverge from the model for which extant regulations were
designed.  As these divergences take on a recognizable shape of their own, it
becomes meaningless to speak of regulatory violations; informal economic
activity as here described is not a scattering of isolated deviations, but a
recurrent pattern.  The difficulty, if not impossibility, of acknowledging the
existence of an informal economy in today's regulatory framework without
criminalizing that economy is an instance of what I have referred to as a
regulatory "fracture."  n3

   In order to identify systemic links between informalization and structural
conditions in advanced capitalism, I shall discuss the effects of major growth
trends in shaping different types of jobs, firms, and subcontracting patterns
that induce or are themselves susceptible to informalization.  n4 There is no
precise measurement of informalization, and the evidence of this process cannot
be culled from one neat set of data.  However, pairing systemic trends with the
available evidence provides us with a basic understanding of the patterns and
scope of informalization and the conditions that foster its growth.

    [*2292]  I.  SPECIFYING THE INFORMAL ECONOMY

   We can only obtain an operational definition of the informal economy  n5
against the backdrop of an institutional framework for economic activity in
which the state intervenes explicitly to regulate the processes and products of
income-generating activities according to a set of enforceable legal rules.
Nevertheless, the informal economy (as I use the term) does not include every
transaction that happens to evade regulation.  The concept excludes certain
types of income-generating activities, such as teen-age babysitting, that we
almost expect to escape regulation.  What makes informalization a distinct
process today is not these small cracks in the institutional framework, but
rather the informalization of activities generally taking place in the formal
economy.  For example, a student of the informal economy would find a sweatshop
most interesting because it operates against a background in which people expect
such enterprises to comply with regulation.  Today's sweatshops may look similar
to the sweatshops of the last century.  Yet, the implementation of various
health and labor regulations since then is what makes today's sweatshops a
different form of labor/employer relation than their counterparts of one hundred
years past, when no such regulations existed and the vast majority of
manufacturing took place in sweatshops.  The type of social relation represented
by sweatshop work is defined by its historical context, in this case one where
the activity of manufacturing has been regulated for decades.

   While there are certain activities that lend themselves more to
informalization than others, it is not the intrinsic characteristics of those
activities, but rather the boundaries of state regulation, that determine their
informalization.  As these boundaries vary, so does the definition of what is
formal and what is informal.  The informal economy is not a clearly defined
sector or set of sectors.  Neither is the informal economy a fixed set of
activities undertaken solely for survival.  Instead, the shape of the informal
economy changes according to the opportunities created and constraints imposed
by the formal economy.  The key to an analysis of the informal economy, then, is
not so much a precise description of the particular activities it encompasses at
any given moment, as a description of the basic dynamics  [*2293]  that make
possible or even induce informalization, despite regulatory policies and
pressure from institutions such as labor unions and enforcement agencies.

   Professors Manuel Castells and Alejandro Portes have identified certain
elements of the work process, such as status of labor, work conditions, and form
of management, as factors that often evade regulation in the informal economy.
Although each of these elements may escape the state's institutional framework,
the unregulated status of any one is neither necessary nor sufficient to
characterize the overall work process as part of the informal economy.  n6 The
status of labor, for example -- the identities of the employees in an
enterprise, whether aliens or citizens -- does not determine the formality or
informality of the enterprise.  In principle, an undocumented immigrant may be
employed in a fully regulated job in the formal economy in full compliance with
the laws, while a legal citizen may be employed in an informal shop.  n7 While
it is true that in the United States we have found a large number of
undocumented immigrants in the informal economy,  n8 it is also true that many
of the illegal homeworkers in the Netherlands, for example, are Dutch citizens,
n9 and many of the workers in the unregulated factories of Emilia-Romagna in
Italy are Italian citizens.  n10 Thus, the expansion of informalization does
not, in principle, depend upon the existence of an immigrant labor force.
Furthermore, in terms of the conditions of work, informal work is, in itself,
licit work.  But if it is done in the home when there is a ban on doing such
work in the home, or if it is done in factories which violate various codes, the
work becomes illegal.  A factory or a shop that fails to comply with health,
fire, labor, tax, zoning, or other such regulations is part of the informal
economy, even if all the workers are properly documented.

   Measuring the size and geographical scope of the informal economy is
particularly difficult because of its shifting boundaries and interaction with
the formal economy.  However, the measurement problem does not preclude
analysis.  Informalization is a process whose particular empirical content
varies, but whose analytic meaning remains fairly constant when specified along
the lines set out above.  The process of informalization across different
sectors reflects common trends that help to explain the mechanics of that
process.

    [*2294]  II.  CONDITIONS FOR INFORMALIZATION IN ADVANCED ECONOMIES

   The forms economic growth has assumed in the post-World War II era -- notably
capital intensity, standardization of production, and suburbanization-led growth
-- have contributed to the vast expansion of a middle class and deterred and
reduced informalization.  The cultural forms accompanying these processes shaped
the structures of everyday life insofar as a large middle class engages in mass
consumption and thus contributes to standardization in production.  Large-scale
production and mass consumption were conducive to higher levels of labor
unionization and worker empowerment than had existed before World War II.  It
was in that postwar period, extending into the late 1960's and early 1970's,
that the incorporation of workers into formal labor market relations reached its
highest level.  n11

   The decline of mass production as the main engine of national growth and the
shift to services as the leading economic sector contributed to the demise of a
broader set of social arrangements, particularly a weakening of the larger
institutional framework that shaped the employment relationship.  This context
is important in understanding the conditions for informalization in advanced
economies.  The groups of service industries that were the driving economic
force in the 1980's were characterized by greater earnings and occupational
dispersion, weak labor unions, and mostly unsheltered jobs in the lower-paying
echelons.  n12 Along with the decline in manufacturing, these trends altered the
institutional framework that shaped the employment relationship in the 1980's.
Changes in the employment relationship reshaped social reproduction and
consumption trends which, as discussed below, have had a feedback effect on
economic organization and earnings.  While in the earlier period a similar
feedback effect helped reproduce the middle class and formalization of the
employment relationship, currently it reproduces growing earnings dispersion and
the casualization of the employment relationship.

   The overall result of the transformation of the economic structure is a
tendency toward increased economic polarization.  The ascendance of finance and
specialized services, particularly concentrated in large cities, creates a
critical mass of firms with extremely high profit-making capabilities.  These
firms bid up the prices of commercial space, industrial services, and other
factors of production, such as energy and business services.  The high
profit-making firms thereby make survival for firms with moderate profit-making
capabilities increasingly precarious.  My research indicates that even when
moderate profit-making firms have a stable, or even increasing, demand for their
goods and services from households and other firms, operating informally
[*2295]  is often one of the few ways in which they can survive.  In short, the
sectors in which these firms operate may be thriving, demand may be sufficiently
high to attract new entrants into the sector, but despite the high demand, the
only way to succeed may be to operate informally.  n13 Alternatively, firms with
limited profit-making capabilities may subcontract part of their work to
informal operations.  This alternative allows the contracting firm to operate
formally and reduce its costs of operation.  n14

   The polarization I have described does not simply constitute a quantitative
transformation; it possesses the elements of a new economic regime.  n15 As
indicated above, the tendency toward polarization assumes distinct forms in (1)
structures of social reproduction; (2) organization of the labor process; and
(3) spatial organization of the economy.

   Increased economic polarization affects not only businesses, but also
patterns of social reproduction and consumption.  Although the middle class
still constitutes the majority, the conditions that contributed to its expansion
and political-economic power -- the centrality of mass production and mass
consumption in economic growth and profit realization -- have been displaced by
new sources of growth that feed the top and the bottom of the income structure.
The expansion of a low-income population fuels the demand for very cheap goods
and services; the informal economy can help satisfy that demand and, indeed, it
can compete against low-priced imports in these markets.  The expansion of a
high-income stratum in cities promotes demand for customized goods and services;
this market includes the rise of a designer culture in all forms of consumption,
from food and clothing to furniture and home renovation.  The production and/or
distribution of customized goods and services frequently draws on the informal
economy at some point in the work process.

   The rapid growth of industries with strong concentrations of high- and
low-income jobs has assumed distinct forms in the consumption structure, which
in turn has had a feedback effect on the organization of work and the types of
jobs being created.  The expansion of the high-income work force, in conjunction
with the emergence of new cultural forms, has led to a process of high-income
gentrification that ultimately depends on the availability of a vast supply of
low-wage workers.  n16 High-income gentrification is labor-intensive, whereas
middle-income suburbanization is capital-intensive.  The latter phenomenon is
characterized by tract housing, road and highway construction,  [*2296]
dependence on private automobile or commuter trains, marked reliance on
appliances and household equipment of all sorts, and large shopping malls with
self-service operations.  n17 High-income gentrification replaces many of these
capital-intensive projects with operations that rely heavily on workers,
directly and indirectly.  Similarly, high-income residents in cities depend to a
much greater extent on hired maintenance personnel than do middle-class suburban
households, with their concentrated input of family labor and machinery.

   Behind the gourmet food shops and specialty boutiques that have replaced many
self-service supermarkets and department stores in cities lies an organization
of work that is very different from that prevailing in large, standardized
establishments.  This difference in the organization of work is evident both in
retail and production phases.  High-income gentrification generates a demand for
goods and services often unsuitable for mass production or mass retailing.
Customized production, small runs, specialty items, and fine food dishes are
generally produced through labor-intensive methods and sold through small,
full-service outlets.  Subcontracting part of this production to low-cost
operations, including sweatshops and households, is common.  The types of firms
and labor that serve this market are distinct from the large department stores
and supermarkets that serve the middle-income market.  Department stores and
supermarkets typically sell standardized products, which they acquire from
large, standardized factories located outside the city or the region.  Proximity
to retailers is of far greater importance to customized producers.  These
producers rely heavily on specific customer input in designing their product
line, and their small scales of production raise the relative costs of
transportation and national distribution.  Furthermore, unlike mass production
and distribution, customized production and distribution do not facilitate labor
unionizing.

   The expansion of the low-income consumer population in large cities has also
contributed to the proliferation of small operations and the move away from
large-scale standardized factories and large chain stores for low-priced goods.
The consumption needs of the low-income population are met in large part by
small manufacturing and retail establishments that rely on family labor and
often fall below minimum safety and health standards.  Cheap, locally produced
sweatshop garments, for example, compete with low-cost Asian imports.  A growing
range of products and services, from low-cost furniture made in basements to
"gypsy cabs" and family day care, is available to meet the demand of the growing
low-income population.  n18

   In any large city, there also tends to be a proliferation of small, low-cost
service operations made possible by the massive concentration of people in
[*2297]  such cities and the daily inflow of commuters and tourists.  Sheer
numbers of people, as well as fierce competition and low returns, create strong
inducements to open such operations.  Under such conditions, the cost of labor
is crucial and enhances the likelihood that there will be a high concentration
of low-wage jobs.  n19

   There are numerous examples of how the increased inequality in earnings
reshapes the consumption structure and how this, in turn, affects the
organization of work.  The impact of the shift in demand appears in both the
formal economy and the informal economy.  (Recall that, by my definition,
activities in the informal economy have counterparts in the formal economy.  n20
) However, the size of businesses serving either high-income or low-income
customers is typically smaller than that of businesses serving the large middle
class.  The reduction in size, and the accompanying loss of economies of scale
and scope, sometimes make it advantageous for businesses to operate in the
informal economy, and often requires them to do so.  Responses to this shift in
demand include the increase in highly customized woodwork in homes and shops in
gentrified neighborhoods, the increase in low-cost rehabilitation of homes and
shops in poor neighborhoods, and the increase in homeworkers and sweatshops
making either very expensive designer products for boutiques or very cheap
products.

   Income polarization is also expressed spatially.  Services in the formal
economy for high-income customers have proliferated, as have services in the
informal economy for low-income customers.  Taxi services and banking services
illustrate this pattern.  The creation of a special, fully registered limousine
line that exclusively services New York City's financial district stands in
stark contrast to the increase in gypsy cabs servicing low-income neighborhoods,
where registered cab drivers typically refuse to go.  n21 The spatial impact of
income polarization is also evident in the distribution of bank branches.  A
recent study presented to the New York State Legislature that addressed
commercial bank branch closings and openings in the New York  [*2298]
metropolitan area  n22 revealed a wave of bank branch closings even larger than
the one that took place in the early 1980's.  n23 While the earlier rash of
branch closings was concentrated in low-income areas, the latest wave affected
the more modest segments of middle-income areas.  n24 Five major New York City
banks accounted for all but one of the closings of commercial branches in New
York City neighborhoods with minority populations greater than fifty percent.
n25 During the same period, branch services increased in the suburbs and in
high-income areas in New York City.  n26 Banks also opened numerous "personal
financial centers" or "private banking centers" in affluent areas of New York
City.  In some of these branches a minimum account balance of $ 25,000 was
required to use the teller service.  Bank closings and openings illustrate a
strong trend toward offering fewer services to poor and middle-class
neighborhoods, while offering an increased array of specialized services to
affluent neighborhoods.  One response to this trend in low-income areas can be
seen in the rapid proliferation of formal and informal check-cashing operations
and various forms of informal credit operations.

   In sum, the kinds of growth trends described above favor the informalization
of a broad range of activities.  Inducements to informalization particularly
evident in major cities include: (1) the increased demand for highly priced
customized services and products by the expanding high-income population; (2)
the increased demand for extremely low-cost services and products by the
expanding low-income population; (3) the demand for customized services and
goods or limited runs from firms that are either final or intermediate buyers,
with a corresponding growth of subcontracting; and (4) the increasing inequality
in the bidding power of firms in a context of acute pressures on land due to the
rapid growth and strong agglomerative pattern of the leading industries.  The
continuing demand for a range of goods and  [*2299]  services typically produced
in firms with low profit rates, and that find it increasingly difficult to
survive given rising rents and costs of production, promotes informalization in
a broad range of activities and spheres of the economy.  The existence of an
informal economy, in turn, becomes attractive for firms seeking to reduce costs.
Firms that do not necessarily need to operate informally in order to survive may
nevertheless turn to the informal economy in order to increase profit margins
and enhance flexibility.

   III.  PATTERNS OF INFORMALIZATION AND THEIR IMPLICATIONS: A SUMMARY

   My field research in New York City  n27 has revealed several recurring
patterns in the process of informalization.  The first pattern concerns the
source of demand for informally produced or distributed goods and services.  n28
Most of the demand for informally produced goods in the garment, furniture,
construction, packaging, and electronics industries comes from firms that
operate in the formal economy.  Other informally produced goods and services
cater to the communities in which such activities are performed.  Immigrant
communities are a leading example, and probably account for much of this second
type of demand.

   The second set of patterns I have identified concerns factors influencing the
supply of, and demand for, informally produced and distributed goods and
services.  One of these factors is pressure in certain industries, notably
apparel, to reduce labor costs, given massive competition from low-wage Third
World countries.  Informal work in this instance combines very low wages with
substandard conditions.

   One factor influencing supply and demand in the construction industry in New
York City is the rapid increase in the volume of renovations, alterations,
[*2300]  and small-scale new construction as many areas of the city that were
once low-income, often dilapidated neighborhoods have been transformed into
higher-income commercial and residential areas.  In many other cities in the
United States, such a transformation would have involved a massive program of
new construction; in New York City, it was accomplished mostly by rehabilitating
old structures.  The volume of work, its small scale, its labor intensity and
high skill content, and the short-term nature of each project all were conducive
to a heavy incidence of informal construction and rehabilitation work.

   Another important factor affecting supply and demand is the failure of
enterprises operating in the formal economy to meet the demands of certain
low-income consumers.  Either their prices are too high for these consumers,
their locations are inaccessible, or -- where a service inherently requires the
seller to come to the buyer, as in the case of taxicabs -- the seller provides
no service at all to low-income consumers.  Informal operations step in to meet
the demand that regulated suppliers have failed to meet.  For instance, informal
neighborhood centers provide child-care services, and low-cost furniture
manufacturing shops supply local low-income residences.

   The existence of a cluster of informal businesses in a neighborhood may
eventually generate agglomeration economies that induce additional entrepreneurs
to move in or set up businesses.  One observes the formation of auto-repair
"districts," vendors "districts," or clusters of both regulated and informal
small-scale manufacturers in areas not zoned for manufacturing.  These districts
can become magnets; they signal to other would-be entrepreneurs that the costs
of entry in certain neighborhoods are lower than in the formal economy, and that
there is a market in those locations for their goods and services.  If the
informal businesses choose their locations according to proximity to a
relatively cheap labor supply, they signal to other businesses the existence of
an informal "hiring hall."

   A third set of patterns evident in the informal economy concerns the
influence of locational constraints.  For some firms, access to cheap labor is
the primary reason for choosing a New York City location.  While New York City
may bring with it collateral benefits, such as access to the city's final or
intermediate markets, these firms are driven primarily by labor costs.  Drawing
on low-wage immigrant workers allows these firms to compete with Third World
factories in markets with rapid production turnover times.  New York City is not
the only possible location for these firms.  Several New Jersey counties have
seen a rapid growth in garment sweatshops and home-work, as the Hispanic
population has expanded.  n29

   For other firms, the choice of location is not simply a question of cheap
labor supply.  Many shops engaging in customized production or operating on
[*2301]  subcontracts are bound to New York City for some or all of the
following reasons: (1) demand is local and typically client-specific; (2) the
nature of the business requires proximity to design and specialized services and
a quick turnover between completion of design and production; (3) the firms rely
on the purchasing patterns associated with a highly dynamic overall economic
environment; and (4) the firms cater to the specific tastes of local immigrant
communities.  Firms constrained by these factors must stay in New York City in
order to have a clientele, whether of households or other firms.  However,
staying in New York City effectively means that these firms must operate
informally.  The high cost of doing business in the City, particularly the cost
of land, can force small-scale customized manufacturers to set up shop in spaces
not zoned for manufacturing.

   A fourth pattern in the process of informalization concerns variety of jobs.
Many of the jobs in the informal economy are unskilled, offering no training
opportunities and involving repetitive tasks.  Other jobs demand high skills or
acquisition of a skill.  The growth of informalization in the construction and
furniture industries has required a re-skilling of workers in those sectors.
There is no wage level typical of the informal economy.  Generally, however,
employers or contractors seem to save compared with what they would have to pay
in the formal market.

   IV.  INFORMALIZATION AND POOR COMMUNITIES

   My observations about New York City prompt two policy questions concerning
the growth of informal economies in that city's low-income communities.

   First, how should government deal with the growing informal economy?  The
easiest course of action is to criminalize all economic activities that evade
regulation, imposing fines and closing the renegade operations.  New York City
has enacted such a policy.  n30 City authorities closed newsstands and small
restaurants in low-income communities.  The result was disappearance of the few
available economic activities and loss of the few public space anchors in these
communities.  From an economic perspective, criminalization makes no sense.
Instead of criminalization, cities like New York must find policy formulas that
help reduce the tension between these new economic conditions and a regulatory
framework rooted in an earlier economic era.  Such policy formulas would
encompass a range of interactions between government and  [*2302]  economy.  As
one illustration, zoning legislation might be used to address the polarization
in profit-making capacities that has become systemic in advanced economies.
Zoning laws could allow firms in low-profit sectors to compete for space and
other inputs in a place like Manhattan.  Thus, the so-called West Side
Industrial Zone in Manhattan keeps rents low and makes it possible for a wide
range of industrial services to locate in the borough, close to their clients.
n31 Rezoning to allocate greater space to corporate offices -- a major goal of
New York City government in the 1980's -- would likely force many of these
industrial service firms to close or go partially or fully informal.

   Policies such as zoning certain areas specifically for low-profit-sector use
could be designed so as to induce an "upgrading" of informal activities by
bringing these activities within the regulatory framework while minimizing costs
to entrepreneurs.  Upgrading is likely to demand greater flexibility in the
implementation of existing codes and acknowledgment by city officials that
compliance may require several phases.  Lower thresholds of regulatory
compliance would be applied to new, small-scale businesses in low-income
communities than to well-established businesses that have had an opportunity to
recover start-up costs.  To encourage compliance with modified regulations and
enforcement practices, city officials might offer informal operations technical
and financial assistance as part of the long-term upgrading process.  Beyond
mildly accommodating policies, one might even envision a more drastic redrawing
of regulatory frameworks, on the theory that current developments have rendered
the old frameworks obsolete.  n32

   The second question prompted by my study of New York City is: Why should we
bother to upgrade the informal economy in low-income communities?

   The informal economy is one of the few forms of economic growth evident in
these communities.  With the decline of manufacturing and the ascendance of
finance and specialized services, economic growth has become disproportionately
concentrated in central business districts and suburban office complexes.
Economic growth, one might conclude, has abandoned low-income communities.  We
need to find anchors to regenerate these communities, to reconstitute
neighborhood sub-economies.  This task becomes particularly important absent any
sign that mainstream patterns of economic growth will find ways of locating
growth in these communities.  Informal economies bridge the divide between new
high-income middle-class neighborhoods and low-income neighborhoods, a divide
widened by the flight of the middle class from the cities.  Furthermore,
informal economic activity fights the spread of crime and delinquency born out
of despair and the absence of options.

    [*2303]  We must harness the economic energy represented by small-scale
ventures, and we must upgrade them.  Upgrading can only happen through the
support of government or public-private partnerships.  Much has been said about
enterprise zones, which give incentives to firms to move into a neighborhood.  I
would propose concentrating instead on low-income "community zones," which would
support firms already operating in low-income communities.  Community
empowerment zones, proposed by the current administration, go a considerable way
in this direction.  Destroying the incipient mini-complex of neighborhood firms
represented by the informal economy is, I think, a mistake, because neighborhood
firms are one of the few forms of economic growth evident in these communities.

   CONCLUSION

   The roots of the informalization of various activities are to be found in the
currently prevailing characteristics of the economy in general and of large
urban economies in particular.  The decline of the middle class, the growth of a
high-income professional class, and the expansion of the low-income population,
have all had a pronounced impact on the structure of consumption.  The
organization of work, in turn, has evolved to meet the new consumption demand.
Part of the demand for goods and services feeding the expansion of the informal
economy comes from the mainstream economy and from the fragmentation of what
were once mostly homogeneous middle-class markets.  Another part of this demand
comes from the internal needs of low-income communities that are increasingly
incapable of buying goods and services in the mainstream economy.

   A second major trend is the growing inequality in the profit-making capacity
of different sectors.  The ascendance of high-profit industries, such as finance
and specialized services, as the dominant sector in major urban economies has
raised the price of commercial space and other business costs in the downtown
districts of large cities.  Small, low-profit firms can hardly afford to compete
for space, even when they enjoy an effective demand for their products or
services in the city.  One way of reconciling these contradictory conditions is
to go informal, i.e., to use spaces not zoned for commerce or manufacturing,
such as basements in residential areas, or to use spaces that are not up to
state-mandated health, fire, and safety standards.

   A third major trend concerns the organization of space in today's economy,
particularly in large cities.  The leading sectors of the economy tend to be
concentrated in downtown city districts and in suburban office complexes.  There
is hardly any economic growth taking place in low-income communities.  This
unbalanced spatial distribution of growth is much stronger today, as it has been
over the last fifteen years, than in earlier historical  [*2304]  periods.  The
emergence of semi-formal neighborhood economies has been one response to this
imbalance.

   These trends in consumption, profit-making capacities, and spatial
organization indicate that the expansion of the informal economy in the United
States is rooted partly in conditions that are integral to the contemporary
phase of an advanced market economy such as that of the United States.  The
approach to the informal economy that policymakers should adopt depends, at
least in part, on whether the informal economy is attributable primarily to
structural characteristics of advanced capitalism or is instead an anomaly
attributable to Third World immigration.  Simply criminalizing informal work may
be effective if the informal economy is essentially an anomaly.  But if, as I
have argued, informalization is embedded in the structure of our current
economic system, particularly manifest in large cities, then criminalization may
not be the most effective policy.  Informalization emerges as a set of
flexibility-maximizing strategies employed by individuals, firms, consumers, and
producers in a context of growing inequality in earnings and in profit-making
capabilities.  Its expansion invites us to focus on the broader fact of a
growing set of problems in the relationship between new economic trends and old
regulatory frameworks.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawDepository InstitutionsCommercial BanksGovernmentsAgriculture &
FoodProcessing, Storage & Distribution

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See, e.g., W. ARTHUR LEWIS, THE THEORY OF ECONOMIC GROWTH (1955).




n2  This has been a central hypothesis organizing much of my research on the
informal economy.  See, e.g., SASKIA SASSEN, THE GLOBAL CITY: NEW YORK, LONDON,
TOKYO 283-99 (1993).




n3  See, e.g., SASKIA SASSEN, CITIES IN A WORLD ECONOMY (1994).  A number of
instances fit this notion of a problematic dynamic between regulation and
economy.  For example, I use the concept "fracture" to capture the specific
dynamic produced by global processes operating in particular localities.  One
result of this development is that both "regulation" and "violation" become
problematic categories and, at the limit, do not apply.  We might think of the
void analytically as a border-land, rather than a border-line -- a terrain for
action/activity that remains underspecified, at least from the perspective of
regulation.  Global cities are particularly strategic terrains for the emergence
or shaping of regulatory fractures.  See generally SASSEN, THE GLOBAL CITY,
supra note 2; Saskia Sassen, The Global Movement of Capital and Labor, Paper
Presented at the American Society of International Law, International Economic
Law Interest Group Workshop on Interdisciplinary Approaches to International
Economic Law (Feb. 24, 1994) (on file with author).




n4  For a full account of research findings over the last ten years, see SASSEN,
THE GLOBAL CITY, supra note 2; THE INFORMAL ECONOMY IN LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES IN
NEW YORK CITY (1987) (research report on file with Urban Planning Dep't,
Columbia Univ.); Saskia Sassen & Robb Smith, Postindustrial Growth and Economic
Reorganization: Their Impact on Immigrant Employment, in U.S.-MEXICO RELATIONS:
LABOR MARKET INTERDEPENDENCE 372-93 (1992).  All findings described in this
Essay are based upon these earlier research projects.




n5  The "informal economy" is one of several kinds of economic activity that
fall under the rubric of the "underground economy." We can distinguish at least
three very different components of the underground economy.  First, the
underground economy includes criminal activities, which by their very nature
could not be carried out above ground.  Second, the underground economy includes
tax evasion on licit forms of income.  In the United States today, the available
information shows a large jump in the amount of unreported income, especially
compared to the 1950's, 1960's, and early 1970's.  The IRS projected in 1990
that the tax gap for 1992 would be $ 114 billion, two-thirds of which is
attributable to individuals.  See INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE, INCOME TAX
COMPLIANCE RESEARCH: NET TAX GAP AND REMITTANCE GAP ESTIMATES, PUBLICATION 1415
(SUPP. TO PUBLICATION 7285) (Apr. 1990), cited in CONG. Q. RESEARCH, Mar. 1994,
at 203.  Third, the underground economy includes the informal economy, which
contributes to the tax gap, but which is distinguishable from income
underreporting.




n6  See Manuel Castells & Alejandro Portes, World Underneath: The Origins,
Dynamics, and Effects of the Informal Economy, in THE INFORMAL ECONOMY: STUDIES
IN ADVANCED AND LESS DEVELOPED COUNTRIES 11 (Alejandro Portes et al. eds.,
1989).




n7  Sanctions against employers under the Immigration Reform and Control Act of
1986, Pub. L. No. 99-603, 100 Stat. 3359, alter this proposition in those cases
where an employer knowingly hires an undocumented worker.  The informality then
consists in the form of management.




n8  See, e.g., M. Patricia Fernandez-Kelly & Anna M. Garcia, Informalization at
the Core: Hispanic Women, Homework, and the Advanced Capitalist State, in THE
INFORMAL ECONOMY, supra note 6, at 247; Saskia Sassen-Koob, New York City's
Informal Economy, in THE INFORMAL ECONOMY, supra note 6, at 111.




n9  See P. H. RENOOY, TWILIGHT ECONOMY: A SURVEY OF THE INFORMAL ECONOMY IN THE
NETHERLANDS (Faculty of Economic Sciences, Univ. of Amsterdam ed., 1984).




n10  See Vittorio Capecchi, The Informal Economy and the Development of Flexible
Specialization in Emilia-Romagna, in THE INFORMAL ECONOMY, supra note 6, at 189.




n11  BENNETT HARRISON & BARRY BLUESTONE, THE GREAT U-TURN: CORPORATE
RESTRUCTURING AND THE POLARIZING OF AMERICA ch. 1 (1988).




n12  For a comparison of the distinct manner in which these processes took place
in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Japan, see SASSEN, THE GLOBAL
CITY, supra note 2, at chs. 8 & 9.




n13  These conclusions are based upon research described in note 4, supra.




n14  Subcontracting chains that end in informal operations are very common in
several industries, including apparel, construction, and cleaning services.  See
generally Christian Zlolniski, The Informal Economy in an Advanced Industrial
Society: Mexican Immingrant Labor in Silicon Valley, 103 YALE L. J. 2305 (1994).




n15  See SASSEN, THE GLOBAL CITY, supra note 2, at chs. 9 & 10.




n16  See SASKIA SASSEN, THE MOBILITY OF LABOR AND CAPITAL: A STUDY IN
INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENT AND LABOR FLOW ch. 5 (1988).




n17  See PAUL BLUMBERG, INEQUALITY IN AN AGE OF DECLINE (1980).




n18  See SASSEN-KOOB, THE INFORMAL ECONOMY IN LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES IN NEW YORK
CITY, supra note 4.




n19  This tendency was confirmed, for instance, by Sheets, Nord, and Phelps, who
found that each 1% increase in retail jobs resulted in a 0.88% average increase
in below-poverty-level jobs in the 100 largest metropolitan areas in 1980.  See
ROBERT G. SHEETS ET AL., THE IMPACT OF SERVICE INDUSTRIES ON UNDEREMPLOYMENT IN
METROPOLITAN ECONOMIES 73 (1987).




n20  See supra p. 2292.




n21  See Elliot Sclar et al., The Nonmedallion Taxi Industry, in CITY ALMANAC
(Fall 1988).  The full research report is on file at the Urban Planning
Department, Columbia University.  As described in Saskia Sassen, The Informal
Economy, in DUAL CITY: RESTRUCTURING NEW YORK 101 n.52 (John Mollenkopf & Manuel
Castells eds., 1991):

   [Sclar, Grava, and Downs] found that virtually every black or ethnic
neighborhood had some form of 'gypsy' and 'livery' car service, and that these
were typically run by members of the community: thus there are black, Puerto
Rican, Haitian, Korean, and Hassidic Jewish 'livery' car services.  They
estimated the current livery car service fleet at 22,000 vehicles.  While many
of these are in compliance, many are not.  None of the estimated 8,000 gypsy
cabs, on the other hand, are in compliance.




n22  Franz S. Leichter, Banking on the Rich: Commercial Bank Branch Closings and
Openings in the New York Metropolitan Area, 1978-1988 (1989) (unpublished
manuscript, on file with Urban Planning Dep't, Columbia Univ.).




n23  The earlier wave of closings left several poor and minority communities in
the leading financial center of the country without any banking services.




n24  From 1985 to 1987, 55 full-service commercial branches were closed, 34 in
1987 alone, the highest number of closings for any one year in the last decade.
The previous peak was in 1983 with 38 closings.  See Leichter, supra note 22, at
Part II.




n25  During this period, only two new full-service branches opened: one
Chinese-owned bank in Chinatown and a small Black-owned bank (Freedom National
Bank).  The latter bank was the only branch opened in a New York City
neighborhood with a Black population greater than 30%.  In all counties with
Black and Hispanic populations above the regional average, the ratio of
residents to commercial bank branches increased.  The Bronx, the borough with
the highest Black and Hispanic populations by percentage, suffered the most
severe reduction in its commercial branch network, a 20% loss from 1978 to 1987.
Forty full service commercial branches were closed over that period.  The
residents-to-branch ratio in the Bronx increased by 30% from 1980 to 1987.
Brooklyn, the borough with the second highest population of Blacks and Hispanics
by percentage, saw a 14% increase in its resident-to-branch ratio from 1980 to
1987.  Today, Brooklyn has the highest such ratio: 15,000 residents per branch.
Id.




n26  The seven percent increase in bank branch openings cannot simply be
explained as a function of suburban population growth.  In 1987, the
resident-to-branch ratio was 12,000 to one in the outer boroughs and 3000 to one
in the suburbs.  Id.




n27  On the basis of secondary data analysis, fieldwork, and interviews, I have
found the following profile of the informal economy in the New York City area:
(1) informal work is present in a wide range of industrial sectors including,
with varying incidence: apparel, accessories, general construction contractors,
special trade contractors, footwear, toys and sporting goods, furniture and
woodwork, electronic components, packaging, and transportation; (2) such
operations also take place to a lesser degree in activities such as packaging
notions; making lampshades, artificial flowers, and jewelry; distributing; photo
engraving; and manufacturing of explosives; (3) such operations tend to be
located in densely populated, predominantly immigrant areas; (4) there is an
emergent tendency for areas undergoing partial residential and commercial
gentrification to displace "traditional" sweatshop activity (notably in the
garment industry); and (5) there is a growing tendency for new forms of
unregistered work catering to a new clientele to locate in gentrifying areas.
See SASSEN, THE GLOBAL CITY, supra note 2, at ch. 9; THE INFORMAL ECONOMY IN
LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES IN NEW YORK CITY, supra note 4; SASKIA SASSEN & WENDY
GROVER, UNREGISTERED WORK IN THE NEW YORK METROPOLITAN AREA (1986) (research
report on file with Urban Planning Dep't, Columbia Univ.); Sassen & Smith,
Postindustrial Growth and Economic Reorganization, supra note 4.




n28  National household surveys reveal that in the mid-1980's, 83% of U.S.
households used informally produced or delivered goods and services.  Most of
this consumption constituted home repairs ($ 21.4 billion) and food sold
informally ($ 10.3 billion).  U.S. DEP'T OF LABOR, THE UNDERGROUND ECONOMY IN
THE UNITED STATES, OCCASIONAL PAPER SERIES ON THE INFORMAL SECTOR NO. 2, at 11
(1992).




n29  See NEW JERSEY DEP'T OF LABOR, STUDY OF INDUSTRIAL HOMEWORK (1988).




n30  The New York City Tax and Finance Commission developed and implemented this
policy, the goal of which was to insure compliance with the City's tax laws by
punishing evasion.  Many of the targets were informal operations.  See New York
State's Underground Economy: Untaxed and Growing, Report, Comm. on Oversight,
Analysis, and Investigation, N.Y. State Legislature (1982); New York City Dep't
of Finance, Unearthing the Underground Economy, Report (1986); Deborah Sontag,
Unlicensed Peddlers, Unfettered Dreams, N.Y. TIMES, June 14, 1993, at A1.




n31  See COLUMBIA UNIV., PROGRAM IN URBAN PLANNING, DEVELOPMENT AND PRESERVATION
IN MANHATTAN'S CHELSEA (1986) (on file at Urban Planning Dep't, Columbia Univ.).




n32  See Edgar S. Cahn, Reinventing Poverty Law, 103 YALE L.J. 2133 (1994).


                              378 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 24, 2017 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fewer Niceties, Similar Price: Airlines Turn to 'Basic Economy' Fares

BYLINE: By JULIE CRESWELL

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 691 words


When is a new, budget offering actually a hidden increase in overall cost? When
the airline industry introduces new economy fares.

Over the last week, United Airlines and American Airlines joined Delta Air Lines
in starting or announcing plans for a ''basic economy'' fare option geared
toward bargain travelers.

For these major airlines, a ''basic economy'' ticket means the airline will
transport travelers where they want to go. Most everything else, though, costs
extra, ending many of the remaining niceties provided by large commercial
carriers.

Gone is the ability to choose a seat free. (Hello, middle seat!) Upgrade or
refund under the new fare? Forget it. And, under some airline rules, do not even
think about putting a suitcase into an overhead bin without paying.

Something else travelers do not always get with the basic economy fare: an
actual price discount.

While airlines are loath to discuss pricing, the new basic economy class seats
are expected to be in many cases the same price as the standard economy fare,
meaning travelers will get less for the same price.

Instead, the old-fashioned economy ticket -- the one with the niceties -- is
expected to cost more.

''Yeah, the same product is going to be more expensive,'' said George Hobica,
the president of Airfarewatchdog.com. ''It's like they were saying you were
getting an introductory offer and that they were giving it away, but no
longer.''

The one upside? Basic economy travelers will still get soda and mini pretzels --
for now.

For United, which began offering basic economy fares this week from the
Minneapolis-St. Paul region to its seven hubs, a round-trip flight on May 9 from
Minneapolis to Denver under the standard economy fare will cost $176. The new
basic economy fare for the same flight will be $136.

Basic economy travelers will not be allowed to choose their seats or carry on a
bag, so they would have to pay $25 each way to check their bags, raising the
price of the basic economy fare round trip to $186. And basic economy fare
passengers who try to sneak bags on board will be charged the $25 bag check-in
fee plus a $25 gate-handling charge.

In other words, the standard economy ticket, the one expected to rise in price,
may end up being a better deal in some cases than the new basic economy ticket.

A United spokesman said that customers willing to accept the basic economy
restrictions should have lower overall travel costs. A spokeswoman for Delta,
which introduced basic economy fares in 2013, said in a statement that basic
economy travelers were not permitted to choose their seats and that families may
not be able to sit together, but that the fare ''has never included a fee for
carry-on baggage and that remains true today.''

Over all, the airlines have argued they are merely giving customers what they
want as demonstrated by the robust growth of low-cost, no-frills airlines like
Spirit, Frontier and Allegiant. These airlines typically charge lower fares but
often charge many additional fees. For instance, the same Minneapolis-to-Denver
flight on May 9 on Frontier is a bargain at $88 round trip.

Frontier, though, charges travelers $6 on each flight to choose their seats, and
$30 to $35 each way for larger carry-on bags. The fees are higher if the
upgrades are made at the airport.

The low-cost airlines -- which have lower legacy and labor costs than large
airlines and have historically flown into smaller airports with smaller landing
fees, are increasingly taking on the big airlines on their own home-turf hubs.

In 2011, Spirit flew to three cities from the American Airlines hub in
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. Today, Spirit flies to 25 cities,
Robert Isom, the president of American, said in a letter to employees last month
announcing the basic economy options that would be available for travel starting
March 1 for 10 routes, including Fort Lauderdale to Philadelphia and Miami to
New Orleans.

Pointing to aircraft orders from Spirit and other airlines as signs of continued
growth, Mr. Isom concluded that, for American, ''competing aggressively against
these airlines is not optional.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/23/business/airlines-basic-economy
-fares.html

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company


                              379 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Oligarchies pose obstacles to Iran's economic growth

BYLINE: Mehrdad Emadi for, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1387 words


Dec. 21--While the recent reports by Central Bank of Iran suggest impressive
achievements, many believe that the economy still suffers from deep
shortcomings.

The economy is still facing deep rooted problems most of which are caused by
internal factors driven by the behavior of "economic oligarchies".

However, the latest report on growth released by the Central Bank of Iran
confirms a rise in the growth rate for the economy. The figure of 7.4 percent is
an impressive achievement given than three years ago the economy was shrinking
at a rate of around 4.6 percent.

This is certainly not a small feat for Iran especially noting the depressed oil
market and the current oil prices which have greatly reduced the foreign
revenues of the government from the sale of the crude oil.

Gradual Improvement

The emerging data suggest that the economic conditions have been gradually
improving in Iran in the last two years.

However, this does not mean that all sectors in the economy have been
experiencing growth. There appears to be a clear dichotomy appearing in the
economy. On one hand, we have large strategically significant projects which
have been identified as driving leaders for industrialization and strategic
poles for technology transfer.

These projects have received capital injection through partnership with outside
firms, often global leaders in their field.

I identify these activities as technology-driven export-oriented projects which
are guided to become competitive at world prices in the near future.

There is, in fact, supporting data that confirms over 15 percent growth and
expansion for this part of the economy.

The spin-off from such projects has been improvements in the demand for the
smaller and medium size firms that can be considered as service provider for the
core projects.

The growth in this area combined with structured support from the government
have facilitated a re-orientation toward export markets and can be confirmed is
that for the first time in 56 years, the trade performance of the country is
improving showing a surplus in the trade balance while at the same time the
share of oil in the economy shows a decline.

This is a historical change suggesting that the political leadership has
succeeded in weaning off the economy from oil revenues and instead to guide the
economy toward the manufacturing and the production of exportable goods.

This will have important ramifications for the strength of the economy and its
ability to stand external shocks or any attempt in the future to impose new
trade or investment sanctions upon Iran.

IRGC involvement

At the same time, there is a vector of activities where there seem to be
persistent recessionary conditions arising from the falling investment and
stagnated activities exacerbated by shrinking demand.

Most notable here are projects which used to receive preferential treatment in
the allocation of foreign currency by the government as well as unimpeded
imports exempted from the existing import duties and taxes.

The main revenue here has been rooted in "economic rent" from imports and "soft
loans" to undertake new projects.

Most notable amongst these have been businesses owned or controlled by entities
connected to the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps and their parallel
organizations.

The emerging opening of the economy to competition from outside and the
insistence of the government to reduce the monopoly power of the oligarchies
have reduced the ability of this sector to enjoy access to easy money, i.e. soft
loans and credit, and foreign currencies at preferential rates.

In this segment of the economy and all the businesses that used to benefit from
serving it, data suggests a stagnated growth and even contraction in new
investment.

Furthermore, completing the previously awarded contracts has suffered because
suddenly this sector of the economy has had to face hard budget constraints and
financial discipline similar to those faced by the privately owned business.

Given the size and reach of the owners of the businesses in the sector, it is
understandable that there are concerted efforts to resist the plans of the
government to make the economy more competitive and open large projects in key
sectors such as oil, gas, petrochemicals, automotive and construction to foreign
competition.

Translation of this resistance can be measured through daily and weekly media
campaigns by some of the religious quarters who also have seen the emergence of
a more competitive and transparent economy unfavorable to their current business
interests.

Given the substantial share in the economy, it is my view that government should
continue on its current path of pro-competition macro policies whilst at the
same time enter a period of consultation with the main actors in this sector
with a view of offering them a framework of transition during which those firms
that can increase their productivity and reduce wasteful practices can continues
doing business competitively.

I think there may be merits in helping this sector since there are many
resources at the disposal of firms in this sector that can be employed
productively resulting in stable employment at competitive salaries and product
prices. We should be reminded of the success of Vietnam and China here.

"Wait-and-see" segment of the economy

Finally, there are firms and activities which do not fall into either of the
aforementioned categories which have been trapped in what I call the
wait-and-see segment of the economy.

These are by large, privately owned businesses with no mentionable political
connections whom in my view are the most important long-term actors in economy.

This segment has the potential to become the core of the economy.

However, the managers in this segment are wary of the durability of economic
reforms and indicated transparency.

The deeply rooted concerns about the return of oligarchs to take back the
control of foreign trade and barter-based trade of the last administration make
the managers jittery because of the uncertain future.

Should we see good economic practices started in the last two and half years to
continue taking roots and become common practice, I view this segment as the
true engine of growth for the Iranian economy.

Through re-orienting their investment and expanding their output capacity, the
sustainable employment will come from this part of the economy.

And I also suggest the most impressive performance in increasing exports at
competitive prices will be reported by firms that are truly independent of
government and other political entities.

Still optimistic

I stay cautiously optimistic on the future of the Iranian economy for the
following reasons.

The flow of outside firms interesting in investing in the economy of Iran shows
a positive rise whilst at the same time the pressure on business entities owned
by the quasi-state entities to adopt more transparent measures has been rising.
Just recently the largest telecommunication contract awarded to a firm owned by
the Revolutionary Guards was reversed because of a non-payment problem.

I view this as a sign that the political leadership at the most senior level has
agreed that the economy in the country needs to become more robust by improving
its competitiveness and budgetary discipline.

There seem to be more signs of such a dynamics though we also have signs that
certain religious organizations have received special dispensation with regards
to tax and duties.

Whilst the figure of 7.4 percent growth may not be supported by the looking at
the data from an array of economies activities, there are sectors in the economy
that have seen 10-16 percent growth in their activities.

Typical of a state-centered economy like Iran at this stage, for the politically
unconnected firms, read the true private sector to experience a 5-plus growth
rate, we need to see the continuation of the growth in the super-macro projects
and the ripple effects of the growth to the small and medium firms.

I expect in another twelve months, barring a negative shock, we hear a
widespread rising activity in the economy.

Mehrdad Emadi is an economic expert and consultant at the UK-based Betamatrix
International Consultancy.

___ (c)2016 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161221-1AZ-Oligarchies-pose-obstacles-to-Iran-s-economic-growth-1221-20161221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2016 Trend News Agency


                              380 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Digital economy issues threaten to delay 4G auctions

BYLINE: Komsan Tortermvasana

LENGTH: 429  words


The fourthgeneration (4G) spectrum auctions may not take place this year after
all if digital economy laws are not enacted by April, warns a digital economy
working group.

Even worse, the initiative for a digital economy does not seem to be taking
shape now that the Council of State wants the soontobeestablished national
digital economy committee to be chaired by a deputy prime minister and not the
prime minister.

"There's no guarantee that 4G will even be rescheduled in the absence of the
digital economy laws," a committee member said yesterday.

The National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) earlier
announced it intended to auction the 42.5megahertz spectrum by this August since
the mobile concession for the 900MHz spectrum held by Advanced Info Service Plc
expires on Sept 30.

The regulator's intention is in line with the junta's order last July 17 that
the planned 4G auctions be postponed for a year, meaning the NBTC could start
the auction process as soon as this July.

The source also said concerns were mounting as to whether the government can
even get the digital economy initiative off the ground, as the drafting of the
national digital economy committee bill is in the process of being overhauled,
and this will take time.

The Council of State is on the verge of amending a slew of core internal
legislative structures of the digital economy committee draft bill after the
bill was criticised by academics and public.

"Such requirement changes can delay development of the digital economy," the
source said.

The most important change is that the Council of State, led by Meechai
Ruchuphan, prefers a deputy minister chair the national digital economy
committee instead of Prime Minister Prayut Chanocha.

It wants to reduce the number of committee members to only 12.

The Council of State said the changes were necessary to make the committee more
effective and practical.

Initially, the digital economy working group proposed the committee comprise 32
members from ICTrelated agencies and be chaired by Gen Prayut.

The Cabinet recently approved 10 of the digital economy draft bills including
the most crucial national digital economy committee bill.

The source said the committee bill would be the most crucial element for
implementing digital economy policy, particularly during the transition period
for restructuring and renaming the ICT Ministry as the Digital for Economy and
Society Ministry.

The bill is also needed to determine the purposes of frequencies  whether they
will be used for public, commercial or national security purposes.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Recent data suggests SA is heading towards a recession Economic Analysis

BYLINE:   Dave Mohr

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1449 words


South Africa's economy contracted in the first quarter by minus 0.6 percent. The
protracted strike in the platinum sector shoulders a large part of the blame,
and even if the strike ends, it could still take up to three months for the
platinum mines to return to full operations.

Manufacturing also contracted, and while other sectors grew positively in the
first quarter, they displayed a weakening trend (with the exception of
construction).

Worryingly, data from the second quarter so far has not been much better. New
vehicle sales contracted 9.2 percent year on year last month, the manufacturing
purchasing managers' index fell to 44.3 in May, household credit grew by only
4.5 percent in April and the trade deficit ballooned.

Gross domestic expenditure, a measure of economic activity that excludes imports
and exports (in other words, it only covers household consumption, government
spending and business investment), contracted on a quarterly basis in the last
two quarters of 2013, and could well have contracted in the first quarter of
this year (the data will be available later in the month). This raises the
question: is South Africa headed for a recession?

What is a recession?

A recession is often defined in the media as follows: an economy is in recession
if real gross domestic product (GDP) contracts for two consecutive quarters.
However, this definition can hide important underlying trends in the economy.

Another way to identify a recession is to consider a number of data series to
pinpoint, to the closest month, the peaks and troughs of the business cycle. In
the US, the business cycle dating committee of the National Bureau of Economic
Research has the task of determining the beginnings and ends of recessions. It
defines a recession as follows (emphasis added):

"A significant decline in economic activity spread across the economy, lasting
more than a few months, normally visible in production, employment, real income,
and other indicators. A recession begins when the economy reaches a peak of
activity and ends when the economy reaches its trough. Because a recession is a
broad contraction of the economy, not confined to one sector, the committee
emphasises economy-wide measures of economic activity."

What causes a recession? Historically, there are a number of factors that cause
the economy to contract.

A global recession

As we saw in 2008/09, a global recession leads to a local recession. Our small,
open economy tracks the global cycle, albeit with a lag of a few quarters.
Fortunately, it appears that global economic growth is picking up, led by the
US.

The euro zone is finally exiting its double-dip recession, while Japan's
authorities are experimenting with unusual policies to stimulate growth. China's
economy is expected to continue growing about 7 percent a year over the medium
term, but a sharper slowdown is a big risk to South Africa. A growing global
economy should keep us out of recession.

Rising inflation leads to an interest rate shock

If inflation accelerates and is expected to be persistently above the Reserve
Bank's target, it will hike rates. This is the "classic" cause of a recession -
central banks trying to rein in an over-heating economy, and we saw that as well
in 2008. Currently, the weak state of consumption spending means it won't take
too many hikes to tip us into recession. However, the weak state of the economy
also limits upward pressure on prices.

The biggest risk to the economy at the moment would be a rapid rise in inflation
due to a further sharp depreciation of the currency, forcing the Reserve Bank to
hike rates repeatedly.

Credit bubble bursts

Typically associated with a booming property market, run-away credit growth
almost always ends in tears. At some point, marginal borrowers can't make
interest payments, setting off a cascade of fire-sales of properties.

Property prices fall and bad loans rise at banks, who then contract lending to
otherwise creditworthy customers whose business goes bust without access to
funding. This condition was present in 2008, more so in the US and Europe than
in South Africa. The recent unravelling of the unsecured lending boom has had an
impact on areas like furniture sales, but was generally contained to one section
of the consumer market, and not experienced economy-wide.

Commodity price shock

In 2008, an oil price spike helped tip the global economy into recession. This
also happened in the 1970s. A rapid fall in commodity prices could also tip the
economy into recession, as was the case in the early 1980s when the gold price
collapsed.

South Africa earns about half its export revenues from commodities. Of our four
major export commodities - platinum, gold, iron ore and coal - the latter two
have experienced large price declines this year.

Fiscal contraction

If the government is forced to reduce spending or hike taxes in an otherwise
weak economy (that is, fiscal policy is pro-cyclical), it could tip the economy
into recession. This was demonstrated across the euro zone recently. Ideally, a
government wants to have "fiscal space" to stimulate the economy when the
private sector is weak, which was the case across the world and in South Africa
post the 2008/09 crisis.

However, the fiscal space is largely closed. Interest repayments are already the
fastest-growing item in our national budget, and the government is committed to
closing the budget deficit. The risk here is negative feedback, where a weak
economy reduces government's tax intake, forcing it to increase tax rates, which
could tip the economy into recession.

Capital flows 'sudden stop'

South Africa's large and persistent current account deficits mean we rely on
foreign capital to fund economic activity. If this capital flees, the rand will
fall rapidly and the Reserve Bank will hike rates.

We got a taste of this in January and remain at risk of global investor
sentiment towards us and emerging markets in general. Even if the Reserve Bank
does not hike short-term rates, long-term bond yields will rise, increasing
borrowing costs. If South Africa's sovereign rating falls by two notches, we
will no longer be considered "investment grade" and this could trigger outflows.

'Supply-side' shock

The protracted strike in the local platinum mining sector, the harsh winter
weather in the US in the first quarter, and the military coup in Thailand are
all examples of recent extreme events that can cause the economy to contract for
a quarter. But it is unusual for such events by themselves to cause a recession.

They would have to be very severe or long-lasting (like Syria's civil war) to
cause an economy-wide recession. Often, the economy bounces back quickly after a
supply-side shock, followed by a phase of catch-up growth. One would expect
platinum production to bounce back a few months after the strike ends. The other
supply-side risk for the local economy would be electricity blackouts.

No recession yet, but risks loom large

There are several risks to the downside for the South African economy. Perhaps
most worrying is that we have very little to buffer us against a shock. The
Reserve Bank has little scope to cut rates further, and has in fact indicated
that we are in a hiking cycle.

Consumers generally have little savings to run down, and given high existing
debt levels are unlikely to not react to lower interest rates to increase
borrowing.

They certainly haven't used low interest rates over the past six years to
leverage up. The consumer durable cycle - purchases of new vehicles, furniture
and appliances - appears to have already rolled over (even before interest rates
have risen).

In the current climate, monetary policy is thus constrained. As discussed above,
there is also little scope for fiscal policy to stimulate the economy due to the
need to close the government's budget deficit or face ratings downgrades and
spiralling borrowing costs. Recent tax revenue numbers have been surprisingly
buoyant, but if this trend turns, the Treasury could be forced to increase tax
rates.

That leaves the rand as the shock absorber of last resort. Fortunately, much of
the adjustment in the exchange rate is probably behind us.The rand has weakened
by 60 percent since late 2011, so while it might weaken somewhat further, it is
unlikely to weaken significantly more given that it is generally considered to
be undervalued.

A weak rand provides a boost to the revenues of firms with existing export
contracts. It also makes imports more expensive and exports cheaper, cushioning
the local economy, especially if the global economy is improving. But this
process takes time, and is not yet fully under way.

Dave Mohr is the chief investment strategist at Old Mutual Wealth

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                            September 9, 2012 Sunday

Green economy-still a complex issue

LENGTH: 1022 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Sept. 9 -- The world's weak macro-economic condition and global climate
change in recent years have threatened its all living beings. The inevitable
result of industrial revolution is the world economic growth and the increase in
the emission of greenhouse gas which is the major reason for it. The world is
now trying to overcome the recession. To overcome the situation all concerned
are thinking about a sustainable development.

The decleration of the World Enviornment Day 2012 is 'Green Economics: Does It
Include You?'. The United Nations Environment Programme(UNEP) wants to define
the green economy in this a way that " green economy is an economy that works
for the human rights, wealfare and eradiction of social dispiraty as well as
reduces the risk and doubt of the environment." Many of us remember the UN Earth
Conference of June, 1992 held in Rio De Jeniro. After the Rio conference in
1992, people expected to devlop a social and economic system where:

Peoples needs and demand will be met in such a way that the balance of nature
and the capacity of the environment are addressed properly.

Social dispiraty will be reduced and social justice will be established on the
basis of equality,solidarity and mitual respect.

People will use the natural resources by protecting the environment not by
destroying it.

Democratic discipline shall be maintained to control all the financial
resources.

There will be peace on the basis of justice. Military power and conspiracy
cannot be the soluation of any conflict.

But within the last 20 years it was not practised and the demand of the citizen
was not fullfilled. The new draft proposal of UN conference on the ocassion
serves the old wine in a new bottle. It is trying to give a dreamy concept about
green economy in a new way of hoax which is full of inconsistancy and biased.
The promise has been violated within the time interval which increases
frustration and grievance. So a new deram has been made up and shown in a new
way adding some new content which comes in the from of green economy. The moral
of green economy is to establish a link between economy and environment. The
same thing was decleared in 1992 at Rio conference. The only difference is that
they did not use the term 'green economy'.

Now the time has come to think about the adaption of green economy in developing
countries. At first the question that comes to our mind is whether the practice
of green economy in developing country like Bangladesh is, compatible or not?
Even though a lower developing country, Bangladesh maintained an increasing
growth rate of GDP in the last two decades. If we look at the history of world
development, we find that when a country gains faster growth rate does not have
the time to think about the sustainable environment for a certain period. We
also know that a country turns to a new era in a certain stage of GDP growth by
the invisible hand of economy. Then the term, sustainable development, comes. To
reach the stage a country's per capita GDP should be US$4000-3500. But in
Bangladesh our GDP per head is not more than $1700. So how can we say that we
should adopt green economy right now?

The second question is how we can demand for sustainable development and
economic growth at the same time? Suppose we export a product in the world
market for 5 dollar. India exports the same product in 4.75 dollar and China
exports it in 4.60 dollar. Now if we produce the product adopting the green
economic process the cost of exporting the product is $7. On the other hand,
China and India can export the same product in $6 adopting green economy because
they are technologically more advanced than us. So our product will lose its
market demand and ultimately our economic growth will decrease. So we have to go
for faster economic growth and sustainable development comes as its logical
sequence. We don't say that we can't adopt green economy but first we should
think about its consequences in our total economy. We shouldn't think about the
theoretical aspect of green economy. For example Australia is trying to
establish carbon trading but the pressure of this task on the economy is huge.
Can a developing country like Bangladesh bear such huge economic pressure and
cost?

We are not ready to convert our living beings and environment into products. It
is impossible to enjoy sustainable development without changing the consumption
framework of developed countries. By means of green economy developed countries
may impose different conditions on different products of Bangladesh which should
be considered. We live in a world of disorder where we do not have good
governance and democracy, where a few countries in the world consume and control
the lion's share of global resources. Green economy provides no environment
sensitive direction to meet the demand of the people rather it gives importance
on economic growtth and market to meet the demand of people. This means those
who have the ability will enjoy.

A sustainable global economy depends on how strong the national and local
economy of a country is? In the global economic system the wealth is being
continiously transfered to the industrially devloped countries from the
developing ones.As a result. the elite groups of the developing countries are
becoming more powerful but there is no qualitative change of the state. The
proposed green economy considers the environment and its elements as capital
which is inconsistent to the philosophy of green economy. The environment can
never be a capital. It is a sin to present environment as a commercial product
in the world market.

The implementation of green economy in Bangladesh is a complex and disputed
issue. To implement it, we need technological and financial assistance from the
developed countries and it should be unconditional and free because they are the
cause of much wide spread damage in many countries as well as in the world.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                               February 15, 2005

Social economy in good health;
 PLATFORM

BYLINE: By Pauline McClenaghan

SECTION:  Pg. 27

LENGTH: 678 words


THAT which is healthy can still get stronger. That's an approach adopted by
Northern Ireland's social economy movement, backed by NIO departments.

In Northern Ireland we have one of the world's strongest social economy sectors,
comprising organisations trading to achieve social goals.

These enterprises include community businesses involved in urban and rural
regeneration, credit unions, not-for-profit training organisations and
communityrun child care schemes, for example.

We employ in the region of 50,000 to 80,000 people, making the sector similar in
size to that of tourism or construction.

But there are good reasons for wanting to see the social economy expand still
further. Enterprises operated by social economy organisations not only boost
commercial activity in Northern Ireland - whose economy still operates below par
- but do so with the aim of making our region and island a better place.

We are seeing public bodies become increasingly aware of the benefits not just
of boosting the sector, but also of contracting with social economy
organisations to deliver public services on behalf of government departments.

A few days ago British Cabinet minister Alan Milburn spoke at a major conference
on social enterprises, saying that he wanted the sector to expand.

"Social enterprises are a key part of any ambition to make Britain more
prosperous, " argued Mr Milburn. "Over the next decade, social enterprise, and
the wider voluntary sector, should become as integral to public service delivery
in Britain as either the public or private sectors, " he said.

"Where government can at times appear remote, the best of social enterprise can
be more sensitive and responsive to the specific needs of individuals and
communities."

A similar message was recently issued by the north's economy minister Barry
Gardiner, who said: "The social economy is a significant employer in Northern
Ireland.

"It is important therefore that we increase its strength and provide the
conditions for it to prosper. I value the strong social purpose and energetic
entrepreneurial drive of businesses in the social economy."

The minister added that government could do more to help the sector and he was
determined that it would. This commitment has been put into effect by government
departments working in partnership with the sector's representative bodies, the
Social Economy Agency and the Social Economy Network.

A three-year strategic plan for the social economy has been published by the
Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment which aims to improve the
business environment for social economy enterprises, increase their business
strengths and raise awareness of the sector.

The latest strand of this project is unveiled today, with the publication by the
Department of Finance and Personnel of a guide for social economy organisations
to help them win public sector contracts.

A similar guide was previously published for SMEs. Some social economy
organisations are already very successful in winning public contracts - for
example the Bryson House charity which provides top quality recycling services,
an energy efficiency advice centre and a range of educational, environmental and
social care projects which are all aimed at making our society a better place.
The aim now is to encourage more social economy enterprises to emulate the
achievements of Bryson House and others, improving Northern Ireland's wellbeing.

In doing so, the guide provides practical assistance not just in how to win
public contracts - from departments, quangos, district councils and the European
Union - but also common sense advice on managing contracts after they have been
obtained.

While social economy organisations are fiercely protective of their
independence, assistance of this kind is very welcome. Not only is it practical
and relevant, it also provides very reassuring evidence that ministers and
departments recognise the importance of the social economy and the opportunities
for it to grow even larger.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 The Irish News Limited


                              384 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

IMF trims 2002 forecasts across Asian countries

                          December 20, 2001, Thursday

Anna Teo


OUTLOOK

THE International Monetary Fund (IMF) has trimmed its forecasts of 2002 economic
growth across Asia, with Singapore, Hong Kong and Taiwan getting the sharpest
cuts.

The Singapore economy is now seen growing just 1.2 per cent in 2002, after a
projected contraction of 2.9 per cent this year.

This compares with the Singapore government's wide-range forecast of between 2
per cent contraction and 2 per cent growth next year, following a 3 per cent
fall in gross domestic product this year.

Earlier, in its World Economic Outlook released at end-September, the
Washington-based IMF reckoned the Singapore economy could -- after shrinking 0.2
per cent this year -- bounce back with 4 per cent GDP growth in 2002.

But the IMF yesterday put out an "interim update" of the World Economic Outlook,
with revised growth estimates for a preliminary assessment of the global economy
and policies following Sept 11.

The major advanced economies are forecast to grow one per cent this year and a
slower 0.6 per cent in 2002.

In a number of newly-industrialising Asian economies, the IMF says, the
pressures of weak external demand from the developed economies and the decline
in the global electronics cycle "now appear to have been stronger than earlier
thought, and have generally intensified since Sept 11".

Furthermore, it adds, the slowdown has spread increasingly into domestic demand
and into a broader range of non-electronics and services sectors, including
tourism -- a sector of "of particular importance" to economies like Hong Kong,
Thailand and Singapore.

Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore are now each seen growing about one per cent
next year.

These three economies -- along with Korea -- are among 22 mainly-OECD countries
on the IMF's list of "advanced economies", one tier below the seven "major
advanced economies", namely the US, Japan, Germany, France, Italy, UK and
Canada.

Korea is expected to fare better, growing 2.6 per cent this year and 3.2 per
cent in 2002.

The key uncertainty in the outlook for much of Asia is the strength of export
demand, especially the pace of recovery in technology sectors, says the IMF. But
there are also concerns about a broader weakening in domestic activity and
confidence, the financial body adds.

Further risks could arise from financial sector weakness in some countries,
including Indonesia, Taiwan and Thailand.

Capital flows, including direct investment, to the region could also be hit
because of adverse external financing conditions.

By Anna Teo

SECTION: Singapore News, Pg. 7, Eye On The Economy

LENGTH: 425 words

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2001 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              385 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             May 15, 1999, Saturday

HEALTHY INDEX

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: MAKIN T

SECTION: MONITOR; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1201 words


HEALTHY INDEX

Following the release of week's Federal Budget, Tony Makin looks at Australia's
economic performance in the ever-changing global marketplace

DIRECTLY or indirectly, this week's Federal Budget will influence the Australian
economy into the next millennium. So it is timely to consider how well our
economy has been performing in an ever-changing international context.

Conventionally, economists have assessed economy-wide performance with reference
to inflation, unemployment and growth outcomes.

Even though world inflation has fallen dramatically over the past decade,
Australia's inflation rate is now one of the lowest on the planet having dropped
from an annual average of 8 percent in the 1980s to below 2 percent on average
in the 1990s, reversing our relatively poor comparative performance throughout
the '70s and '80s.

Sadly, the same cannot be said for unemployment. The Budget presented the
disappointing prospect of unemployment remaining around 7.5 percent in 1999-2000
leaving Australia still in the ranks of the worst performers among advanced
economies and not too dissimilar to West European economies with highly
regulated labour markets, such as France, Germany and Italy.

The so-called "misery index" is one summary measure of an economy's health and
is simply the percentage sum of an economy's unemployment and inflation rates.
The higher the index value, the poorer the state of the economy.

According to this measure, the Australian economy is as healthy now as it was in
the early 1970s. However, it is still less fit than in earlier post-war decades
due to unacceptably high unemployment. A further reduction in the unemployment
rate of 2 to 3 percentage points would lower macroeconomic misery to 1950s and
1960s levels.

But this basic index measure does not tell the full economic story. What is
missing is an account of growth and productivity.

Productivity affects the economy's long-term growth potential and has improved
markedly in the late 1990s, thanks to the microchip, the opening up of the
economy to the rest of the world and a host of microeconomic reforms implemented
by the Hawke, Keating and Howard governments.

Since 1950, the Australian economy has grown at an average of 3 percent a year.
With this growth rate and an increase in population over the past half century,
the volume of goods and services provided by the nation on a per-head basis has
approximately doubled.

Many economists had presumed until recently that this rate of growth was the
economy's "natural rate of growth" which could not be exceeded without creating
inflationary problems. One salutary lesson from economic history is that
comparative differences in annual growth rates that seem relatively small,
sooner or later mean the standard of living of the relatively fastest growing
economy eventually surpasses the others, due to the mathematical phenomenon of
compounding.

A classic example is the case of Britain and the United States. In 1870, income
per head in Britain was about 20 percent higher than in the US. Yet since then,
the relative living standards of these economies have been reversed, simply
because the growth rate in the US was persistently at least a half of one
percentage point or so higher on average than Britain's.

The result is that the average American now earns an annual income that exceeds
that of the average Briton by more than 30 percent in real terms.

Though continued economic growth for Australia in the 3-4 percent range may
sound encouraging, it is sobering to note just how modest Australia's growth
rate has been in past decades in relation to many other economies in the region.

For instance, before the Asian economic crisis, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia,
Malaysia, Singapore, South Korea and Thailand were all posting growth rates of
close to 7 percent or more over recent decades.

As a result, two of these economies _ Hong Kong and Singapore _ now have average
income levels per head which rival our own.

Though many regional economies are still in recovery phase after the financial
crisis, the fact is most will soon recover and resume their strong growth paths.
So now is not the time for complacency on the economic reform front.

Any examination of Australia's economic performance these days has to
acknowledge the international influences that will continue to change well into
the foreseeable future.

The world economy is experiencing a new era of globalisation, not unlike that
which happened at the close of the last century due to vastly improved transport
and communications.

Globalisation, as the very term suggests, has been far reaching geographically
speaking, affecting lifestyles, production, consumption and work practices in
all hemispheres of the world. It involves the integration of national markets
for goods, services and assets with markets elsewhere in the international
economy.

It implies that economies worldwide have become far more economically
interdependent and has greatly increased flows of exports, imports and foreign
investment. Economists have generally endorsed globalisation on the grounds that
the increased international exchange raises incomes and improves consumer
product choice.

And what then of macroeconomic variables, such as Australia's current account
deficit and external debt? They are best considered as side effects of the whole
economic growth-enhancing globalisation process and hence should not be seen as
problematic, in and of themselves.

Nowadays, with financial globalisation, simple fiscal options that involve
boosting public consumption rather than public investment are judged harshly by
international investors wherever they occur.

By the same token, fiscal consolidation that cuts wasteful government
consumption spending can attract higher foreign investment, lower domestic
interest rates and boost the economy.

This was exactly what happened after Treasurer Peter Costello's much tougher
1996-97 Budget. That Budget boosted private sector spending across the board and
shielded the economy from the Asian crisis fallout.

In contrast, this Budget, by adding slightly to public spending and slightly
more to revenue, will have a more neutral impact on the economy in the year
ahead.

The economy has fundamentally strengthened over the past decade and looks set to
continue on this path into the next century. The most notable gain has been much
lower inflation, a result of disciplined monetary, rather than fiscal, policy.

Room for improvement remains on the growth and unemployment fronts, especially
on unemployment. Some may argue that unemployment could have been lowered
further in the latest Budget by more government spending as a way of boosting
total spending in the economy and hence total available employment
opportunities.

But such thinking about the way fiscal policy affects the economy belongs to
another era when international financial markets exercised less influence over
the behaviour of key financial variables, especially domestic interest rates and
exchange rates, and through them overall economic performance.

Tony Makin is an Associate Professor of Economics at the University of
Queensland

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              386 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 27, 1992 Tuesday

THE CHANGE PAGE   THE NEW ECONOMY   Boom towns or ghost towns?

BYLINE: NUALA BECK; GAM

LENGTH: 268 words


BY NUALA BECK
 NO community wants to be an economic ghost town. To avoid this fate, you
need to know what's growing - and what's not. It's no good to attract a
company from the Old Economy with tax breaks and other incentives, only to
find it spends the next five years downsizing.

In Alberta, New Economy industries, such as health services, education
and transportation equipment, created 80.6 per cent of the new jobs in the
past seven years. The declining Old Economy added only 1.3 per cent of
jobs, the rest coming from industries on our Watch List (They are in limbo
between the two.)
   This has made economic win- ners of some Alberta communities. It also
means that 71.4 per cent of the province's workers were employed in the
New Economy in 1991. Outsiders' stereotypes of an Alberta economy based on
agriculture and resources are outdated.

Ontario lags behind Alberta in the proportion of the work force in the
New Economy, with 67.4 per cent. Yet, between 1984 and 1991, 106,000 net
new jobs were created in New Economy industries, such as aircraft
equipment and parts, electrical products and communications. But 95,000
jobs were lost in Ontario's Old Economy, in industries such as steel.

Not every community can create a mini Silicon Valley. But with careful
planning, regions that have depended on the Old Economy need not fade into
oblivion, like the old mining and cow towns.
Nuala Beck is author of Shifting Gears: Thriving in the New Economy,
published by Harper Collins.

ALBERTA JOBS

% of employment in 1991  Watch List..13.5%  New Economy..71.4%  Watch
List..13.5%  Old Economy..9.7%  Not classified..5.4%

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 994 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 1996 Connecticut Journal of International Law
                    Connecticut Journal of International Law

                                   Fall, 1996

                            12 Conn. J. Int'l L. 67

LENGTH: 3701 words

SYMPOSIUM: THE STATUS OF WOMEN IN NEW MARKET ECONOMIES: WOMEN'S RIGHTS AND
POLITICAL ECONOMY

NAME: Tamara Lothian *

BIO:



   * Director, Emerging Markets Investment Banking, Bank of Boston.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The strategy is conservative both in its attitude toward existing social
arrangements and in the distributive consequences which typically follow the
struggle for group preferment. ... WOMEN'S RIGHTS, POLITICAL ECONOMY, AND THE
PROBLEM OF ECONOMIC DUALISM ...  Dualism is a problem for politics as well as
for political economy. ...  This response, characteristic of countries such as
Mexico and Chile in the past few years, has relied on social programs to
moderate the effects of dualism, either through outright compensatory assistance
or through programs of technical, financial and commercial support oriented to
individuals and firms in poorer areas. ...  In this section I sketch one
alternative institutional response to the problem of dualism described above.
...  Rather, it is to show how one particular form of decentralized market
economy may be conceived and developed on the basis of an analogy to one of the
main existing forms of political economy in the world today. ...  My proposal
suggests a specific institutional approach to the problem of dualism in
developing market economies. ...  Given their structural position in these
economies, women would be the greatest beneficiaries of this strategy - the
group best placed to endorse the strategy and to agitate on its behalf. ...  The
better response is to attempt the bolder task of combining the politics of group
identity with the politics of structural change. ...

TEXT:
 [*67]


   I.

INTRODUCTION

 There is a great effervescence in the world today of group politics and group
movements. This historical trend creates two characteristic dilemmas. The first
dilemma has to do with the problem of incorporation. For a marginal group, the
struggle for greater power, privilege or autonomy, typically takes the form of a
quest for incorporation into the existing social order. This struggle for
incorporation seems to propel the group in an inherently conservative direction.
The strategy is conservative both in its attitude toward existing social
arrangements and in the distributive consequences which typically follow the
struggle for group preferment. Benefits [*68]  generated by the strategy are
disproportionately captured by elites within the group - by corporate and
professional elites best able to capture and deploy the instruments of group
preferment.  n1

    The second dilemma associated with the rise of group politics stems from the
tension between the defense of group interests and the debate over institutional
alternatives. The two perspectives seem, at first, to be mutually incompatible.
In the first setting, group interests are paramount, but to the exclusion of an
institutional program. In the second case, institutional criticism and analysis
receive pride of place, but group interests are either smothered or submerged
beneath the weight of the institutional discussion.


   II.

Women's Rights and the Political Economy in the Emerging Markets of Eastern
Europe

 As the past three days of this Symposium have illustrated, the relation between
women's issues and political economy is obscure. Although we all believe,
intuitively, that the choice of economic arrangements determines, at least in
part, the relative circumstances of social groups, it is difficult to specify in
any detail the content of this relation or the mechanism(s) of reciprocal
influence.

    This difficulty was illustrated in case after case, as panelists set for
themselves the task of discussing the situation of women's rights in the
emerging economies of Eastern Europe. Two basic strategies emerged. In the
majority of panels, political economy remained in the background, vaguely
threatening, yet unconnected to the analysis of women's concerns. Thus, members
of the panel on "Women in the Workplace" reviewed the impact in women of
economic changes associated with the withdrawal if social support and the repeal
of "discriminatory legislation" (establishing job quotas in favor of women based
on the ideal of socialist equality), but provided no analysis of the role these
measures played in the new market orders. Similarly, participants in the panel
on "Women and Violence" speculated on the relation between increasing violence
against women and increasing economic insecurity in Eastern Europe, but without
any real discussion of the economic forms or conditions allegedly involved in
the situation.

    A second strategy emerged at the very end of the conference in the panel
entitles "Markets, Human Development and Democracy". In this panel,  [*69]
exceptionally, the relation between women's rights and political economy
occupied center stage. But even here, the analysis remained undeveloped. For one
thing, the discussion was marked by basic conceptual confusion: panelists
differed on whether there might be one or more than one kind of "market economy
". On the other hand, the discussion was still very much geared to the
traditional conception of women's issues - family, abortion, etc.  - and how the
introduction of market forms would effect these issues. The focus was certainly
not the analysis of women at work under the new market forms, or on the
transformation of the circumstance of women since the breakdown of the former
communist regimes.

    How can we explain this perplexing situation? I think there are two basic
explanations. First, there is an obvious difficulty in seeking to connect the
two languages. In the one case (economics, political economy) the language seems
technical and obscure, of little relevance to the daily struggles and concerns
of social groups or movements. Nor is there any obvious passage from the
analytical categories of economies to the traditional language of women's
rights. From the standpoint of political economy, ethnic minorities, religious
factions, and feminist protest groups are equally irrelevant to the basic
categories and concerns of economic analysis both in and out of the new market
economies.

    But there is a second reason which may be equally important in explaining
this situation. Both the traditional defense of women's issues and the orthodox
style of political economy share a crucial premise: the tacit acceptance of
existing political and economic arrangements. Equally resigned (or equally
blind) to the institutional practices which shape the circumstance and identity
of social groups, neither can begin to make connection between social values and
ideals and the arrangements which undermine or support them. Yet this is exactly
what is needed - for the sake of women's rights as well as the future of
political economy. Women must be concerned with the organization of economic
activity and its impact on the circumstance of women and the conditions of group
solidarity. Political economists must be concerned with the consequences of
alternative economic arrangements for the structure of social groups and the
enabling conditions of democracy.

    An alternative approach would take this point of departure, using the
defense of group interests as an occasion not to ignore existing arrangements,
but rather to consider and criticize prevailing arrangements. The standard for
evaluating alternative arrangements must involve the question of impact on
individual members of the group and on the particular community as a whole. Only
in this way can we respond to the fundamental paradox of contemporary group
politics. Only in this way can the defense of group [*70]  interests be freed
from the defense of the existing social order and be made available to the
larger current of politics and ideological debate,


   III.

WOMEN'S RIGHTS, POLITICAL ECONOMY, AND THE PROBLEM OF ECONOMIC DUALISM

 To illustrate the point, consider the problem of economic dualism, one of the
central issues in international political economy today. Dualism refers to the
coexistence within economies of two distinct realms of production: an advanced
sector, marked by access to capital, technology and markets; and a rearguard
sector, based on unskilled labor, primitive technology and limited market
potential. Dualism is a problem for politics as well as for political economy.
The internal division of the national economy helps reproduce a steeply
hierarchical profile of production and consumption. More generally, dualism acts
as a constraint on innovation, narrowing the range of technological and
organizational forms available in the national economy. Nor do the majority of
people enjoy greater wealth and freedom as a consequence of development in the
vanguard sector. The dual economy condemns most to a life of drudgery and
degradation, especially in the poorer of developing countries.  n2

    Dualism is perhaps best known as a Latin American phenomenon. There, in the
post-war period, state-led programs of industrialization (sometimes known as
"import-substituting industrialization") encouraged the growth of modern,
industrial sectors within societies otherwise marked by extreme poverty and
underdevelopment. But, dualism is not just a Latin American phenomenon. It
exists in the advanced (OECD) economies as well as in the economies of the
former communist regimes. In the economies of Central and Eastern Europe,
dualism has emerged both as a legacy of the communist past (traditional
fordist-style mass production vs. Pockets of advanced technology anchored in the
so-called "military industrial complexes"  n3 ) and as an omen of the
neo-liberal market future, with the masses forced to fend for themselves outside
the channels of public patronage and private investment.

    For humanitarians and social critics, dualism has long been viewed as a
gaping wound in developing countries. But dualism must also be seen as a
distinctively women's issue. It is a woman's issue because the great majority of
women (in advanced and developing countries) live and work in the rearguard
sector, in the "second economy" of stunted lives and limited [*71]  wages. From
Mexico and Brazil to the Phillippines and Indonesia, to Poland and Russia,
"women's work" is typically the work of lower skilled, undercapitalized,
primitive production processes. Society suffers as a whole, but women suffer
disproportionately - their circumstances, roles and life chances constrained by
the economic dualism in these countries.  n4

    The interpretation and response to a problem such as dualism thus provides
one key to reconceiving the relation between women's issues and political
economy. In confronting the problem of dualism, the interests of women and
political economists meet. For women, dualism represents the experience of daily
life and the structural limits to women's individual and collective well-being.
For economists and political economists, the experience of women in dual
economies may provide the impulse and perspective needed to propel the search
for an anti-dualist trajectory of economic development and institutional change.


   IV.

Dualism and the Critique of Economic Orthodoxy

 Two main responses have been given to the problem of dualism in developing
countries. The first response has been for the government to provide little if
any support to individuals and firms imprisoned in the rearguard sector. This
approach has been accompanied often by a naive faith that more primitive forms
of production and organization would gradually disappear as economies moved
along the path of normal evolution. In Latin America and Eastern Europe,
neoliberal policies and ideas have provided the clearest rationale for this
current of politics and opinion, encouraging a specific trajectory of
institutional change and providing the justification.

    A second response has been more affirmative in content. This response,
characteristic of countries such as Mexico and Chile in the past few years, has
relied on social programs to moderate the effects of dualism, either through
outright compensatory assistance or through programs of technical, financial and
commercial support oriented to individuals and firms in poorer areas. Examples
of the former include "Solidaridad" in Chile and Mexico, government-sponsored
antipoverty programs intended to redistribute financial resources to areas of
greatest need.  n5 Examples of the latter include Nafinsa in Mexico and BNDES in
Brazil (the national development banks in Mexico and Brazil, respectively).  n6
[*72]

    Of these two options, the second is certainly better than the first. At
least the effort to channel government assistance to people in poorer, less
organized regions, serves to acknowledge the structural problem and to provide a
deliberate response. But the problem with this approach is that it does nothing
to alter or displace the fundamental dualism in the economy. The programs
described are defective in two main respects: first, they do nothing to
incorporate their beneficiaries (inhabitants of the second world) into the basic
structure of production. Second, as a consequence of the first problem, the
programs are not economically viable. Instead of altering the relation between
the two parts of the economy, compensatory assistance programs deepen the
dependence of the second world on the first, like a poor cousin who must be
tolerated and sustained, but fails to contribute economically to the well-being
of the family.

    The effort to deal with the inadequacies of this second approach leads to
the search for an alternative to economic orthodoxy in the emerging market
countries. Such an alternative must begin by rejecting current practices and
ideas which ignore or reinforce economic dualism in these countries. An
alternative approach must define as its central objective the need to overcome
the practice and arrangements which support dualism and the social hierarchies
and divisions which accompany dualism. In the delineation and defense of this
alternative, no group has more at stake than the contemporary women's movement.


   V.

WOMEN'S RIGHTS AND DEMOCRATIC ALTERNATIVES TO STRUCTUAL ADJUSTMENT

 In this section I sketch one alternative institutional response to the problem
of dualism described above. The approach has two main objectives. The first
objective is to develop and defend an alternative program of political economy
for the emerging market economies in Eastern Europe. The second objective is to
suggest how women's concerns contribute to the analysis and defense of this
program. In developing the example, I intend to illustrate the point with which
I began: that we may begin to recast the relation between women's rights and
political economy by emphasizing their shared concern with institutional
criticism and interpretation.

    The guiding impulse behind this alternative is the effort to use the state
actively to overcome the problem of dualism. To be adequate to the circumstances
of Eastern Europe, the alternative must also address some of the main structural
issues facing the former communist regimes, including: (1) the extremely
centralized and bureaucratic character of the state apparatus formerly
responsible for the management of public firms and the organization [*73]  of
production; and (2) the absence of a tradition of an organized and energetic
civil society, providing the social density and cultural support needed for
decentralized economic initiative.

    Four main features define the alternative  n7 :

    (1) A wide array of government-business partnerships across the economy,
oriented to technological and organizational innovation and to establishing
links between vanguard and rearguard sectors of the economy;

    (2) The formation of cooperative-competitive networks of small and
medium-sized producers, typically anchored in particular regions of the economy
(regional economies within a nation).

    (3) Public investment in infrastructural and human resources, including
education, training and the social supports needed to allow children, and
adults, to stay in school. A system of taxation capable of generating the funds
needed for such public investment.

    (4) Elimination of tariffs and exchange controls in favor of selective
controls on capital favoring joint ventures, technology transfers and local
portfolio investment.

    Students of comparative political economy will recognize in this proposal
strong traces of East Asian political economy.  n8 The resemblance is not
accidental. Students of the East Asian model have emphasized two main features:
(1) the combination of accelerated growth and relative economic equality; and
(2) the creation of a legal-institutional framework in which public enterprise
has often served both to channel and to invigorate decentralized economic
initiative. Comparative analysis suggests the decisive influence of selected
institutional features to the model. The approach outlined here attempts to
isolate those features, while simultaneously cleansing them of their more
authoritarian cast.

    The point is not to suggest a qualified form of institutional fetishism -
the belief that we must choose from a closed list of options generated by a
deeper logic of functional or organizational constraint. Rather, it is to show
how one particular form of decentralized market economy may be conceived and
developed on the basis of an analogy to one of the main existing forms of
political economy in the world today. We are not limited to historically
existing forms of political economy. But we may certainly learn from these
examples and build from their triumphs and mistakes.

    From the standpoint of the former communist regimes, such an institutional
trajectory may seem dangerously familiar. For rather than dispensing [*74]  with
government involvement in economic activity, the proposal here substitutes
multiple forms of public-private partnership throughout the economy for the
centralized command-control structure traditionally associated with the state.
The upshot is to transform the content and character of state involvement in the
economy. As delineated here, government involvement in economic activity creates
the conditions for real experiences of decentralized initiative, by stimulating,
channeling and sustaining collaborative endeavors among individuals and firms,
and between governments and private enterprise.

    My proposal suggests a specific institutional approach to the problem of
dualism in developing market economies. The crux of the proposal is the effort
to create the tools and the agents needed to lift up and liberate individuals
and firms in the second sector. Given their structural position in these
economies, women would be the greatest beneficiaries of this strategy - the
group best placed to endorse the strategy and to agitate on its behalf.


   VI.

CONCLUSION: INSTITUTIONAL POLITICS, SECTARIAN CONCERNS, AND THE DILEMMA OF THE
WOMEN'S MOVEMENT

 Let me conclude my remarks by commenting on one aspect of the proposal which
may seem most troubling to conference participants. Throughout the conference,
panelists expressed concern with the problem of efficacy in political action.
Indeed, the words still ring home to me: "As women and feminists, shouldn't we
focus mainly on local struggles, where our voices are sure to be heard?
Shouldn't we develop strategies and arguments oriented to the communities in
which we live and work rather than to the national level?"

    From the standpoint of this concern, my proposal must seem particularly
threatening. For the suggestion that women recast their efforts and concerns as
part of a broader movement oriented to fundamental political and economic
transformation exposes the women's movement to great risk - the risk that a
movement in its infancy will lose its moorings and be cast adrift. Women will
likely respond: Do we dare transform our movement into something foreign? Do we
dare merge our causes and identities into the larger current of affairs? Isn't
it more important now, to define clearly and precisely the contours of our
collective self-image in more limited settings, rather than risk what we haven't
won for a battle so foreign to our immediate concerns?

    How should we respond to this predicament? I think there are two responses.
First, it is simply wrong to believe that we can preserve our causes and
identities without taking part in the larger battle. There are [*75]  risks both
ways. To ignore the structural fight is to risk undermining the conditions on
which an effective identity can be built, a movement can be grounded and made
viable in the world. We delude ourselves to think that we can focus - at no cost
or peril - on isolated victories now, organized around causes of more immediate
concern. The risk is that the identity becomes too narrow, and the walls around
us become entrenched.

    The better response is to attempt the bolder task of combining the politics
of group identity with the politics of structural change. To those who believe
that we are fragile as it is and that we will be weaker still if the challenge
becomes too daunting, I respond: we are strong and proud and bold. The problems
we address are the problems of all women, and through women, men. Let us build
into the very framework of our movement a broader, more inclusive agenda that
appeals to the concerns of all women, not just a privileged few. We do this, not
by ignoring structural issues, but by collaborating in the development of
institutional ideas and in the defense of institutional positions that respond
to our needs as women.

    The women and men who gathered at this conference shared a common bond: the
belief that women from distant countries and cultures might be able to
communicate despite their differences and collaborate in the defense of their
shared identities and aspirations. I agree with the premise and endorse the
attempt. The initiative will be strengthened if placed on a broader footing. We
must use the occasion of group dialogue as an occasion to join in the larger
debate, forging the instruments and arrangements which will allow us to create
the practical grounds of our shared movement.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsFederal GovernmentDomestic SecurityLabor & Employment LawWorkplace
Violence

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  For a general treatment of the problem of multi-culturalism in contemporary
politics, see Charles Taylor, Multiculturalism and "the Politics of Recognition"
(Amy Gutman ed., 1992).




n2.  See Tamara Lothian, The Democratized Market Economy in Latin America (and
elsewhere): An Exercise in Intstitutional Thinking within Law and Political
Economy, 28 Cornell Int'l L.J. 169, 171-72 (1995).




n3.  Id. at 193.




n4.  See World Bank, Enhancing Women's Participation in Economic Development
(1994).




n5.  See Jose Wurgaft, Fondos de Inversion Social en America Latina (1993).




n6.  See Martin Maydon Garza, La Banca de Fomento en Mexico: Experiences de
Ingenieri Finaciera (1994).




n7.  The following discussion summarizes material found in Lothian, supra note 4
at 199-206.




n8.  See Alice II. Amsden, Asia's Next Giant: South Korea and Late
Industrialization (1989); See generally Robert Wade, Governing the Market:
Economic Theory and the Role of Government in East Asian Industrialization
(1990).


                              388 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            February 2, 2015 Monday
                                 Early Edition

Economy overshadows other issues

BYLINE: Jordon Cooper, The Starphoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 766 words


With three elections in the next two years, a couple of things are certain. Even
the most diehard political junkies will be tired of it and all three campaigns
will be about who best can take care of the economy.

It wasn't that long ago that governments at all three levels had dreams of doing
much more. Pierre Trudeau had dreams of a fair and just society. He brought the
provinces together and created our Constitution. Brian Mulroney's big dream was
to bring Quebec into the Canadian Constitution and end the threat of separatism.
We all know how that ended, but he had success with the Free Trade Agreement
with the United States and also environmental reforms.

Saskatoon had dreams as well. Our collective saw the creation of the Meewasin
Valley Authority, which guaranteed riverbank access for the entire city,
something that is extremely rare in cities around the world. It was a big
decision that has defined us since its creation.

The economy throughout the '70s and '80s was part of the equation, but not the
whole equation. Even the Liberal Red Book, the Liberal's 1993 election platform,
was expansive in what it wanted to do. It included a national childcare program
and other nation-building ideas that have long been forgotten.

South of the border was a change that all of us missed at the time but changed
politics in Canada as well. During the 1991 presidential election, Democratic
strategist James Carville's words, "It's the economy, stupid," changed the
nature of politics. Since that election there has been a slow march from a
government that is there for the people to now, where there is a government that
is there to steer and protect the economy.

At the time, the economy was incredibly important. The Saskatchewan and Canadian
economies were so fragile that if Saskatchewan's had toppled, there is a chance
Canada's would have as well. We had to get it right because if we didn't, there
were real consequences in the way of an ugly International Monetary Fund
intervention. If you think Jean Chretien, Roy Romanow or Ralph Klein versions of
austerity were hard, it would have been far worse if the IMF had taken control.

At election time, an important issue is who can steer the economy for the next
four years. Incumbent governments of all parties use this all of the time and
opposition pander to it as well. It is why on Jan. 28 Thomas Mulcair gave a
speech on the economy to the Economic Club of Canada. It is why the Liberals use
MP Chrystia Freeland, an articulate defender of the middle class, so much. All
parties know that to have a chance in the next election, they need to be seen as
good as or better than the others.

That is almost all that politicians talk about. Even locally, where civic
governments have almost no impact on an economy, they still love to talk about
prosperity and the economy. In Mayor Don Atchison's interview with the CBC last
week about racism in Saskatoon, he linked racism to the economy. He isn't alone.
The rhetoric is always consistent. Politicians will focus on the economy and the
economy will fix social woes. Then, politicians can spend even more time on the
economy.

The end result has been that the mandate of governments has changed. We used to
collectively be able to do things together. We were able to fulfil big dreams
such as creating a universal healthcare system, make university education
affordable and quickly and effectively tackle environmental issues, such as acid
rain.

At one time people got into politics thinking they could make a difference and
fix big social issues. The appetite isn't there any longer and it seems to be
our fault. For the most part as long as we have jobs and our taxes appear to go
down, we are OK with the status quo.

The party may occasionally change, but the course never changes. Food bank usage
increases, economic inequality continues to happen, our cities remain unhealthy
and unsustainable, but the risk of change paralyzes us into accepting that we
can't risk anything to upset the status quo.

When the economy is good, we can't risk our good fortune, when it is bad, tough
decisions need to be made to stimulate the economy. All other discussions are
irrelevant because the economy must be given first priority. It's like the
austerity of the 1990s and 2000s never ended. Government may have gotten bigger,
but the mindset is still economy first.

If you have a good idea, now isn't the time as our politicians have one thing to
do and that is manage our economy. There will be time for ideas when the economy
asks for them. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

EU collaborative economy: a research agenda for policy support

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: New York



 Brussels: Joint Research Centre has issued the following news release:



  The latest JRC work puts forward a research agenda to strengthen the
scientific evidence base for the development of policies that maximise the
benefits and minimise the costs for all the stakeholders involved in the
collaborative economy. Based on an analysis of more than 100 collaborative
platforms, it tackles the need for more data, trust and transparency, evaluates
the impact on the labour market and ensures social rights in this new work
environment.





 Much praised as a source of economic opportunities but feared to be a driver of
inequality, the collaborative economy is a multifaceted phenomenon and challenge
for policy-makers.



 The collaborative economy encompasses a variety of for-profit and non-profit
initiatives and transactions and involves users ranging from individuals to
businesses and public institutions. Digital platforms are a key element of the
collaborative economy as they enable matchmaking between providers and users of
goods and services at very low costs, and facilitate participation of
individuals as providers in this market place. Without an anchored place in
existing legal frameworks, regulatory uncertainty emerges as one of the key
concerns.



 The research needs are described in the report 'The European Collaborative
Economy: A research agenda for policy support', and build on recent JRC work,
including on the foresight study 'The future of the EU collaborative economy:
Using scenarios to explore future implications for employment'. The latter
primarily focuses on digital labour market platforms, one of the controversial
sectors of the collaborative economy. The findings of the study point to the
need to address issues divided in three thematic groups: social protection and
rights of workers in these new work environments; data protection for users and
service providers; and competences and skills necessary to succeed in the
collaborative economy.



 Both studies were carried out in support of the Commission's European agenda
for the collaborative economy, adopted in June 2016 to provide guidance on how
existing EU laws should be applied to this sector and to clarify key issues
faced by market operators and public authorities.



 Other JRC work on collaborative economy published earlier this year includes
The Passions and the Interests: Unpacking the Sharing Economy; The Future of
Work in the 'Sharing Economy': Market Efficiency and Equitable Opportunities or
Unfair Precarisation?; Scoping the Sharing Economy: Origins, Definitions, Impact
and Regulatory Issues; and An Economic Policy Perspective on Online Platforms.



 JRC work on collaborative economy dates back to 2015, when a research programme
was initiated to explore the EU collaborative economy with the aim to inform
European policy.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                   Philly.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Airlines will offer 'basic economy' fares to compete with rivals Spirit and
Frontier

BYLINE: Linda Loyd, Philly.com

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 786 words


Dec. 14--Coming to an airport near you next year: "basic economy" airfares. As
the name suggests, the price will be cheaper, but there will be few amenities.

You'll get a basic seat on the plane -- and not much else.

Major U.S. carriers -- Delta, American and United --  are introducing lower-tier
fares to attract price-conscious consumers who now choose ultra-low-fare
airlines such as Spirit, Frontier and Allegiant, which often have bargain base
fares but charge extra for everything from carry-on bags to soft drinks.

The discount carriers have been expanding and taking business away from the
so-called legacy airlines. Frontier flies to 10 cities from Philadelphia
International Airport, and will add Houston and West Palm Beach in March. It
flies to nine destinations from Trenton-Mercer Airport.

Spirit has seven daily flights from PHL and nine daily flights from Atlantic
City airport. Allegiant Air flies to three Florida cities from Trenton.

Basic economy fares are in addition to standard economy tickets, and will not
replace them. Rather, airlines are looking for new ways to lure customers and
bring in revenue.

"A lot of times the difference between the basic economy fare and the regular
economy fare isn't that great -- $15 to $25 each way. That's the cost of a
checked bag," said George Hobica, founder of airfarewatchdog.com.

With basic economy fares, passengers cannot select their seats in advance. Seat
assignments are made on the day of departure or at the gate during boarding.
Tickets are not refundable, and itineraries cannot be changed, even for a fee.
Customers who do not make the original booked trip will forfeit the value of the
ticket.

United Airlines' "basic economy ticket," announced last month, allows passengers
to bring small personal items, such as purses, backpacks or briefcases that fit
under the seat in front of them. Anything bigger must be checked for a $25 fee.
Passengers with basic economy tickets will board the plane last.

Delta Air Lines' basic economy fare permits a carry-on bag in the overhead bin.
If there is no room in the bin, the bag is checked for free to the final
destination, said spokesman Morgan Durrant.  The fare includes free in-flight
entertainment and WiFi, complimentary snacks, soft drinks, and Starbucks coffee,
he said.

American, which operates a hub and more than 400 daily flights in Philadelphia,
plans to announce its version of a "basic economy" fare early next year, said
spokeswoman Victoria Lupica.

"I don't think it's particularly good for the consumer," airfarewatchdog.com's
Hobica said. "I think the airlines are just doing this to appear at the same
price point in airfare searches on third-party sites, such as Orbitz or Kayak.
They want to be on a level playing field."

Hobica said passengers who buy the basic economy fares will end up in the middle
seat on flights. "There's absolutely no question," he said, "because everyone
else is going to choose their seat, a window or an aisle. And you are going to
be in that dreaded middle seat."

Delta was the first big carrier to offer basic economy tickets.  A check on its
website Tuesday showed a round-trip "basic economy" fare from Philadelphia to
Atlanta was $20 cheaper than a regular coach seat. (Ticket prices change
constantly based on how full the plane is, the time of day, and date of travel.)

Scott Kirby, former president at American and now at United, said that 87
percent of American's customers fly the airline once a year and are
price-sensitive, often searching online fare-comparison sites for the best deal.
Differentiating fares in the economy cabin accommodates customers "for whom air
travel is largely a commodity."

In yet another effort to differentiate pricing, Delta and American said they
plan to introduce "premium economy" fares on some trans-Atlantic routes next
year. Premium economy will be a step up in price and amenities from economy, but
less expensive than business class.

American Airlines president Robert Isom described at a conference in September
the different pricing levels and types of fares:

First class is a "super premium product" with lie-flat seats available on select
international and transcontinental routes. Business class offers lie-flat seats,
privacy, and deluxe service, while "premium economy" will include more leg room,
bigger seats, and amenities such as meals.

Regular economy is the standard coach fare, in which customers can "customize"
their trips by paying extra for preferred seat assignments and add-on options
for food and checked bags.

Basic economy will be the lowest price -- a seat on a plane with few, if any,
extras.

___ (c)2016 Philly.com Visit Philly.com at www.philly.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161214-PHI-Airlines-will-offer-basic-economy
-fares-to-compete-with-rivals-Spirit-and-Frontier-1214-20161214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PHI


                                 Copyright 2016


                              391 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

China upholds open environment for digital economy, Vice Premier

LENGTH: 479  words


China is committing to creating an open environment for digital economy and is
willing to work with international community to discuss rules for digital
economy-related issues, said Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang on Tuesday.

Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang delivers a speech at a forum under the 27th
session of the China-US Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT), in
Washington DC, the United States, Nov 22, 2016. China is committed to creating
an open environment for digital economy and is willing to work with
international community to discuss rules for digital economy-related issues,
said Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang on Nov 22, 2016. [Photo/Xinhua]

WASHINGTON - China is committed to creating an open environment for digital
economy and is willing to work with international community to discuss rules for
digital economy-related issues, said Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang on Tuesday.

In addition to its commitment to the World Trade Organization, China has opened
more telecommunication subsectors to foreign investors in Shanghai Free Trade
Zone and relaxed equity limit for foreign investors in e-commerce business
around China, said Wang at a forum under the 27th session of the China-US Joint
Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT).

With the open investment environment, China has become the most important
overseas market for American telecommunication companies, said Wang.

Wang reiterated that China is creating a level playing field for all companies
which are doing business in China. China's recent efforts, including the
adoption of cybersecurity law and the drafting of e-commerce law, are aimed at
improving regulation and supervision over digital economy and ensuring a level
playing field for all companies, said the vice premier.

Digital economy is an important driver for global economy, and countries all
over the world are seeking to reach a common ground for international rules for
the booming digital economy.

Wang called for the adherence to the G20 Digital Economy Development and
Cooperation Initiative which was reached during the G20 Hangzhou summit this
September. The initiative sets guidelines and key areas for international
cooperation and the development of digital economy, said Wang.

In order to build an open and inclusive business environment and free up
potential of digital economy, Wang said that China is committing to strengthen
international cooperation and rule discussions on digital economy.

China is willing to work with US to grow the pie of digital economy so as to
benefit businesses and people from both countries, said Wang.

Wang on Tuesday also attended a forum where business leaders and government
officials from both China and US discussed issues, such as mergers and
acquisitions, compliance management and technology challenges.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/147987766577.jpg

eca86bd9df04199f24811b.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               November 23, 2016

China upholds open environment for digital economy, Vice Premier

LENGTH: 466  words


China is committing to creating an open environment for digital economy and is
willing to work with international community to discuss rules for digital
economy-related issues, said Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang on Tuesday.

Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang delivers a speech at a forum under the 27th
session of the China-US Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT), in
Washington DC, the United States, Nov 22, 2016. China is committed to creating
an open environment for digital economy and is willing to work with
international community to discuss rules for digital economy-related issues,
said Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang on Nov 22, 2016. [Photo/Xinhua]

WASHINGTON - China is committed to creating an open environment for digital
economy and is willing to work with international community to discuss rules for
digital economy-related issues, said Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang on Tuesday.

In addition to its commitment to the World Trade Organization, China has opened
more telecommunication subsectors to foreign investors in Shanghai Free Trade
Zone and relaxed equity limit for foreign investors in e-commerce business
around China, said Wang at a forum under the 27th session of the China-US Joint
Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT).

With the open investment environment, China has become the most important
overseas market for American telecommunication companies, said Wang.

Wang reiterated that China is creating a level playing field for all companies
which are doing business in China. China's recent efforts, including the
adoption of cybersecurity law and the drafting of e-commerce law, are aimed at
improving regulation and supervision over digital economy and ensuring a level
playing field for all companies, said the vice premier.

Digital economy is an important driver for global economy, and countries all
over the world are seeking to reach a common ground for international rules for
the booming digital economy.

Wang called for the adherence to the G20 Digital Economy Development and
Cooperation Initiative which was reached during the G20 Hangzhou summit this
September. The initiative sets guidelines and key areas for international
cooperation and the development of digital economy, said Wang.

In order to build an open and inclusive business environment and free up
potential of digital economy, Wang said that China is committing to strengthen
international cooperation and rule discussions on digital economy.

China is willing to work with US to grow the pie of digital economy so as to
benefit businesses and people from both countries, said Wang.

Wang on Tuesday also attended a forum where business leaders and government
officials from both China and US discussed issues, such as mergers and
acquisitions, compliance management and technology challenges.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

China has key role in world economy

BYLINE: Fredrik Erixon

SECTION: COMMENT

LENGTH: 852 words


While much anxiety is attached to what Beijing does, it can lift competition,
trade and productivity through reform

China has rolled out its 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-20) at a time when there is
growing uncertainty about the direction of the global economy. China is at the
center of world economic anxiety.

The country, an economic powerhouse that has made huge contributions to global
growth in the past years, has as its current trajectory a structural slowdown,
where the rates of economic growth decline while the source of growth is
intended to shift from investment to consumption, or from manufacturing to
services.

China's transition, however, both influences and is influenced by the global
economic environment. While some observers suggest China's slowdown is unique
and a consequence of local factors, it is equally obvious that China shares some
of its core economic challenges with other leading economies.

Macroeconomic imbalances extend beyond China's borders and involve especially
the large economies of the West. They are still weighed down by the crisis in
2008-09 and the forces that caused the crisis, especially the rapid build-up of
credit.

The US economy has pulled itself up from the crisis, but its growth is still
highly dependent on expansionary fiscal and monetary policy. In Europe, the
European Central Bank has just geared up monetary stimulus by adding an extra 20
billion euros ($22.9 billion) per month in its program for quantitative easing.

As with other central banks in Europe, interest rates in the eurozone are
negative, as threats of deflation still hold a tight grip on the economy.
Expansionary programs still substantially affect major currencies in the world.

Global economic anxiety reflects how the underlying strength of the economies
has weakened over time. China is faced with one set of challenges. Its economic
transition is based on a greater role for markets and competition in its
economy. But the transition is happening at a time when macroeconomic problems
sometimes demand policies that slow the transition.

There is a similar problem with Western economies. While expansionary policies
are seen as necessary to boost demand, it has been clear for some time that the
West's problem is about failing competitive strength rather than insufficient
demand.

The West, too, needs a radical program to reinvigorate markets and competition,
leading to far better rates of productivity growth. Its passage to such a
policy, however, is slowed by macroeconomic imbalances and policies to reduce
them.

While the world economy will hum along for the next couple of years, there will
be increasing headwinds in the medium term because of demographics that push up
the number of retirees vis-a-vis the number of working people.

The medium-term forecasts for productivity growth suggest that the underlying
weakness of key economies will remain.

Despite much talk about the end of the debt supercycle, China and a good part of
the West are still expanding debt - but it is a trend that will have to
radically decelerate over the next decade, leading to less financial fuel for
the economy. Given the current trend, therefore, the global economy will grow
more slowly in future.

Breaking that trend is imperative. The health of the global economy can be
restored only if key economies like China, the United States and the big
European countries release themselves from current macroeconomic burdens by
boosting the economy from the bottom up through reforms that lift competition,
trade and productivity. National reform programs should be accelerated and be
focused at market regulations that shield incumbents from competition.

Efforts to privatize state assets in the real economy need a new shot in the
arm. It is necessary to return the investment economy back to the world of
industry and enterprise, where markets and investors determine investment
decisions and their distribution, not the macroeconomic policies that are set by
governments and central banks.

Moreover, key economies would also get a boost from trade agreements that make
it far easier and less costly for businesses to cross borders into new or other
markets. In its current capacity as chair of the G20, China can take a critical
leadership role in boosting current efforts to liberalize trade and investment.

There is a new foundation to build on from the outcome of the World Trade
Organization's ministerial conference in Nairobi, Kenya, in December. What is
needed now is a push for a new type of trade agenda that focuses on key areas of
the world economy, including services and the digital economy.

There are laggard sectors in China as well as in Europe - and they need better
conditions in order to grow. Globally coordinated actions, through trade
agreements, would act as a multiplier for national reforms that sooner or later
will be delivered.

The author is director of the European Centre for International Political
Economy, a think tank in Brussels. The views do not necessarily reflect those of
China Daily.

(China Daily European Weekly 05/06/2016 page12)

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

China has key role in world economy

BYLINE: Fredrik Erixon

SECTION: OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS

LENGTH: 841 words


While much anxiety is attached to what Beijing does, it can lift competition,
trade and productivity through reform

China has rolled out its 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-20) at a time when there is
growing uncertainty about the direction of the global economy. China is at the
center of world economic anxiety.

The country, an economic powerhouse that has made huge contributions to global
growth in the past years, has as its current trajectory a structural slowdown,
where the rates of economic growth decline while the source of growth is
intended to shift from investment to consumption, or from manufacturing to
services.

China's transition, however, both influences and is influenced by the global
economic environment. While some observers suggest China's slowdown is unique
and a consequence of local factors, it is equally obvious that China shares some
of its core economic challenges with other leading economies.

Macroeconomic imbalances extend beyond China's borders and involve especially
the large economies of the West. They are still weighed down by the crisis in
2008-09 and the forces that caused the crisis, especially the rapid build-up of
credit.

The US economy has pulled itself up from the crisis, but its growth is still
highly dependent on expansionary fiscal and monetary policy. In Europe, the
European Central Bank has just geared up monetary stimulus by adding an extra 20
billion euros ($22.9 billion) per month in its program for quantitative easing.

As with other central banks in Europe, interest rates in the eurozone are
negative, as threats of deflation still hold a tight grip on the economy.
Expansionary programs still substantially affect major currencies in the world.

Global economic anxiety reflects how the underlying strength of the economies
has weakened over time. China is faced with one set of challenges. Its economic
transition is based on a greater role for markets and competition in its
economy. But the transition is happening at a time when macroeconomic problems
sometimes demand policies that slow the transition.

There is a similar problem with Western economies. While expansionary policies
are seen as necessary to boost demand, it has been clear for some time that the
West's problem is about failing competitive strength rather than insufficient
demand.

The West, too, needs a radical program to reinvigorate markets and competition,
leading to far better rates of productivity growth. Its passage to such a
policy, however, is slowed by macroeconomic imbalances and policies to reduce
them.

While the world economy will hum along for the next couple of years, there will
be increasing headwinds in the medium term because of demographics that push up
the number of retirees vis-a-vis the number of working people.

The medium-term forecasts for productivity growth suggest that the underlying
weakness of key economies will remain.

Despite much talk about the end of the debt supercycle, China and a good part of
the West are still expanding debt - but it is a trend that will have to
radically decelerate over the next decade, leading to less financial fuel for
the economy. Given the current trend, therefore, the global economy will grow
more slowly in future.

Breaking that trend is imperative. The health of the global economy can be
restored only if key economies like China, the United States and the big
European countries release themselves from current macroeconomic burdens by
boosting the economy from the bottom up through reforms that lift competition,
trade and productivity. National reform programs should be accelerated and be
focused at market regulations that shield incumbents from competition.

Efforts to privatize state assets in the real economy need a new shot in the
arm. It is necessary to return the investment economy back to the world of
industry and enterprise, where markets and investors determine investment
decisions and their distribution, not the macroeconomic policies that are set by
governments and central banks.

Moreover, key economies would also get a boost from trade agreements that make
it far easier and less costly for businesses to cross borders into new or other
markets. In its current capacity as chair of the G20, China can take a critical
leadership role in boosting current efforts to liberalize trade and investment.

There is a new foundation to build on from the outcome of the World Trade
Organization's ministerial conference in Nairobi, Kenya, in December. What is
needed now is a push for a new type of trade agenda that focuses on key areas of
the world economy, including services and the digital economy.

There are laggard sectors in China as well as in Europe - and they need better
conditions in order to grow. Globally coordinated actions, through trade
agreements, would act as a multiplier for national reforms that sooner or later
will be delivered.

The author is director of the European Centre for International Political
Economy, a think tank in Brussels. The views do not necessarily reflect those of
China Daily.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             Lanka Business Report

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

LBR LBO Debrief - "Business Climate Outlook of 2016" - Tuesday, 8th December
2015

LENGTH: 1966 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Nov. 16 -- Topic: Business Climate Outlook of 2016

Date/Time: Tuesday, 8th December 2015 | 0845 - 1750 HRS

Venue: Oak Room, Cinnamon Grand

Host: Lakshaman Bandaranayake | Founding Publisher, Director | Lanka Business
Online

Inquiries: Lakshaman Bandaranayake | lakshaman@lbo.lk | 071 176 0167 or 072 776
0167

General | 071 466 0060 | summit@lbo.lk

Registration fee: TBA

To Join the Discussion, Post your Comments/Questions

SMS: 071 466 0060 | Facebook: LBR LBO Debrief | Twitter: @lbolbr | Use Hashtag:
#LBRLBODebrief | Google Plus: +lbrlbo | YouTube: lbrlbo | Pinterest:
lbolbrevents | Instagram: lbrlbo

x

Download "LBR LBO EVENT Companion" from Google Play or Apple Store. It gives you
easy access to all the important information on the event. You can use the
mobile app to post questions and comments on each session.

x

Description

A concise overview of what one can expect in global economy, key economies and
in Sri Lankan economy and business leader views on navigating political-economic
landscape of 2016.

LBR LBO DEBRIEF will bring clarity to political-economy in a state of flux

In a world of increasing economic integration, no business executive, investor,
public sector official, academic or researcher can afford to be oblivious to the
pulse of the economy- global, regional and local.

However, making sense in a rapidly evolving political-economic scenario is a
daunting task.

With this in mind, the 2015 edition of LBR LBO Debrief will critically discuss,
debate and deliberate on;

1) The global, regional and local economic outlook, state of play in key markets
and evolving global political and security order

2) Likely impact of global economic and geopolitical developments, including
monetary policy normalisation in the US, on Sri Lankan economy and business
climate

3) Budget of 2016 and Prime Minister's policy statement and what they mean to
commerce and industry

4) Business leader's expectations and how they intend to lead and navigate their
organisations in the evolving political and economic landscape.

Clouded Global Growth Prospects

International Monetary Fund (IMF) expects the world economy to grow in 2015 at
its slowest pace since the global financial crisis, with a deep slowdown in
China and other emerging economies masking a strengthening recovery in rich
countries. ("World Economic Update of October 2015")

The Fund also expects a continued growth slowdown in emerging market economies.
The continued growth slowdown reflects several factors, including lower
commodity prices and tighter external financial conditions, structural
bottlenecks, rebalancing in China, and economic distress related to geopolitical
factors.

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) echoed similar
sentiments in the economic outlook released on the 9th November. "Global growth
prospects have clouded this year. We now expect the global economy to grow by
less than 3% in 2015. This is the weakest growth since 2009 and well below the
long-run average. This largely reflects further weakness in Emerging Market
Economies (EMEs), with recessions in Brazil and Russia and the slowdown in China
hitting activity in key trading partners. This sharp slowdown in emerging market
economies (EMEs) is weighing on global activity and trade, and subdued
investment and productivity growth is checking the momentum of the recovery in
the advanced economies."

Euro Zone fragility continues. However, the EU's "Economic Outlook Autumn 2015"
observes that the economic recovery in the euro area and the European Union-
which now is in its third year -should continue at a modest pace during next
year despite more challenging conditions in the global economy. The influx of
asylum seekers from Middle East has posed both fiscal and moral challenges.
Petro economies continue to face fiscal challenges caused by depressed oil
prices.

According to Economic Outlook Forecasts of EU, The US economy is likely to
continue its broad-based recovery, with the support of low energy prices, easing
fiscal drag, but amid increasing policy uncertainty. Growth momentum will remain
robust in 2016 and 2017, with real GDP projected to expand by 2.8% and 2.7%,
respectively.

Russia, hit by the double whammy of economic sanctions and low oil prices, has
moved into a deep recession in 2015. Negative growth is expected to continue in
2016 following the extension of sanctions and the renewed fall in the oil price.
The military excursions in the Middle East is likely to worsen Russia's fiscal
challenges.

Slowing demand from emerging Asian economies weighed on export performance of
Japan resulted in lower than expected growth in 2015, but the economic growth is
set to pick up in 2016.

The Chinese economy is gradually shifting gears, after 30 years of breakneck,
double-digit economic expansion that lifted millions of Chinese from abject
poverty but also polluted the nation's air, land and waterways.

The rebalancing of Chinese economy from one that is primarily labor-intensive,
investment-led, export-oriented to one based on value-added production, services
and domestic consumption is under way. However, the transition could be painful
to China as well as to primary good exporters. The possibility of China further
slowing down its economic reforms to ease out short-term pains of the economy in
transition is close to reality.

In this backdrop it is encouraging to note that IMF expects a rebound in
activity in a number of distressed economies to result in a pickup in growth in
2016.

OECD expects the global growth gradually strengthen through 2016 and 2017, but
it is warned that this outcome is far from certain given rising downside risks
and vulnerabilities, and uncertainties about the path of policies and the
response of trade and investment.

Geopolitics have begun to show tectonic shifts. Russia's direct involvement in
Syrian civil war and China flexing its military muscles have escalated global
geopolitical tension.

Pains of regime change

At home, adjusting to the regime change has not been easy. Attempts to move away
from an autocratic form of governance to a more consensual and participatory
form certainly has slowed down the government machinery.

2015 has been a tumultuous year for Sri Lanka. Two elections and another
election looming ahead aren't the most favorable backdrop for rational fiscal
policy decision making. The budget of January 2015 has sent mixed signals to the
business and investor community. The formation of a new government has not
broken the inertia of the government. Business community is eagerly awaiting
fresh impetus to turn the wheels of the economy faster.

Sri Lanka appears to be perpetually living on the edge of an impending Balance
of Payment crisis. Since early August the currency has lost nearly 10% of its
value. Fixed Deposit rates have started edging upwards. A possible rate hike in
the United States could make attracting foreign funds difficult, thus affecting
the liquidity of capital markets.

As the country has now reached middle-income economy status, the access to funds
on concessionary terms are also drying up.

Fortunes of the Sri Lankan economy during the next 12 months will be closely
linked to that of global economy as well as to the economic policy and the
impact of the impending budget proposals, which Hon Finance Minister has dubbed
as revolutionary.

Sri Lanka needs to address few critical areas without further delay.

1) Boosting inclusive growth through the development of productive sectors

2) Institute structural reforms needed to move the country beyond the lower
middle-income economy

3) Enhance productivity to meet the demographic challenges and moving the
economy up the value chain

4) Promote international trade and investment

5) Fight the rising protectionism and truly integrate the economy with the
region

Whilst continuing to exploit opportunities in traditional markets, Sri Lanka
must also turn to the Orient for future growth prospects, as the bulk of world
GDP growth is expected to come from the Pacific Rim and India.

The Modi factor has already shown positive impact in India. S&P, having raised
outlook in India to "stable"" has noted that the new government has both the
willingness and capacity to implement reforms necessary to restore some of
India's lost growth potential, consolidate its fiscal accounts, and permit the
Reserve Bank of India to carry out effective monetary policy".

Insightful and thought provoking speeches and Panels discussion

Over fifteen Economists, researchers, public sector officials and leading
corporate executives will take the stage at the forthcoming LBR LBO DEBRIEF
"Business Climate Outlook 2016".

Three insightful presentations:

(1) Prithviraj Srinivas (Economist/Global Research of HSBC) will critically
examine the outlook of world economy, the state of play of key economies and
what one can expect in Sri Lankan economy.

(2) Paulius Kuncinas (Managing Editor, Asia, Oxford Business Group) will bring
insightful perspectives on the rapidly changing global security and political
order

(3) Nishan de Mel PhD, Executive Director of Verite Research will discuss how
the Sri Lankan economy is likely to unfold during the next 12 months.

Three thought provoking panel discussions:

(4) How will the evolving political economic scenario impact Sri Lankan business
and economy?

(5) What the budget 2016 and Prime Minister's policy statement would mean to the
industry and economy?

(6) How will the business leaders navigate and steer their enterprises in 2016?

Agenda

0730 - 0845 Delegate check-in, Summit materials collection, networking breakfast

0845 - 0855 LBR LBO Debrief opening

Opening remarks, partner recognition and appreciation

0845 - 0855 Partner feature presentation

0900 - 1000 Keynote 1: Outlook of global economy Outlook and state of play in
key economies: US, UK, Euro zone, India and ChinaRegional Economist MNC Bank

1000 - 1030 Keynote 2: The Shifting Geo-Political Landscape and Implications

1030- 1045 Sponsor commercialsTea/Coffee

Sponsor commercials

1045 - 1130 Keynote 3: Outlook and an Assessment of Sri Lankan economy

Nishan de Mel D.Phil. (Oxford) | Executive Director and Head of Research |
Verite Research

1130 - 1300 Panel Discussion 1: How will the evolving political economic
scenario impact Sri Lankan business and economy?

1300 - 1345 Lunch

1345 - 1400 Partner Feature Presentations (3)

1400 - 1415 Budget 2016 Highlights Reyaz Mihular | Managing Partner | KPMG in
Sri Lanka

1415 - 1430 Highlights of PM's Policy Statement and Implications to Private
Sector - Deshal de Mel, Senior Economist | Hayleys

1430 - 1545 Panel Discussion 2: What the budget 2016 and Prime Minister's policy
statement would mean to the industry and economy?

1545 - 1555 Tea / Coffee

1555 - 1600 Partner Feature Presentations

1600 - 1745 Panel Discussion 3: Business Leader Round table - How will the
business leaders navigate and steer their enterprises in 2016?

1745 - 1900 LBR LBO Debrief closing, Partner appreciation, Vote of thanks

Networking reception

Sessions & Speakers

Speakers, sessions chairs and panelists (Confirmed as t 16th November)

Amal Sanderatne, CFAFounder/CEOFrontier Research and Frontier i Mangala P.B.
Yapa CEO/Secretary GeneralThe Ceylon Chamber of Commerce Steven EnderbyGroup
Chief Executive

Hemas PLC

Shiran FernandoSenior Analyst and Product Head: Economic and Equity Research

Frontier Research

Subhashini AbeysingheSenior Analyst and Head of Economics

Verite Research

Reyaz MihularManaging Partner

KPMG in Sri Lanka

Nandalal Weerasinghe PhDDeputy Governor

Central Bank of Sri Lanka

Deshal de MelSenior Economist

Hayleys

Jim McCabeCEO, Sri Lanka

Standard Chartered

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2015 Vanguard Management Services (Pvt.) Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Three digital economy bills set for NLA

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 497 words


ASINA PORNWASIN

THE NATION

Three of the eight digital-economy bills will be forwarded to the National
Legislative Assembly next month, with enforcement expected by the end of this
year.

They are the Information and Communication Technology Ministry Reform Bill, the
Digital Economy Bill and the NBTC Bill.

These pieces of legislation, which are moving on to the last round of the
Council of State's consideration, will then be submitted to the NLA next month,
Surangkana Wayuparb, chief executive officer of the Electronic Transaction
Development Agency and head of the digital-law development team, said yesterday.

Under the Information and Communication Technology Ministry Reform Bill, the
Software Industry Promotion Agency will be abolished.

Its responsibilities will be transferred to the new Digital Economy Promotion
Agency, which will work in a similar way to the Board of Investment, but with
its focus on the digital-economy area. The Technology Crime Suppression Division
will be also abolished, and its work transferred to the National Cyber Security
Agency.

The National Disaster Warning Centre will also be transferred, operating under
the Prime Minister's Office. The Digital Economy Bill, meanwhile, is the result
of consolidation of three former pieces of legislation: the Digital Economy
Committee Establishment Bill, the Digital Economy Fund Bill and the Digital
Economy Development and Promotion Bill.

The consolidated bill will establish the Digital Economy Committee, which will
have more representatives from the private sector; the Digital Economy Agency,
working along similar lines to the National Economic and Social Development
Board, but as a think-thank for the Digital Economy Committee; and the Digital
Economy Promotion Agency, said Surangkana.

Under the NBTC Bill, the number of National Broadcasting and Telecommunications
Commission members will be 11 sitting on a single board, rather than seven
members as in the previous draft.

Also under the bill, commercial frequency allocation will be subject to an
auction, while other options will be possible for non-commercial frequency
allocation. The Universal Service Obligation Fund will belong to the NBTC, but
will be 25 per cent shared with the Digital Economy Fund.

Following the final round of deliberation by the Council of State, the three
bills will be submitted to the Cabinet by the end of this month, before
submission to the NLA in May.

Generally, the assembly takes 30 to 60 days for consideration of a bill,
followed by a transitional period of 90 to 180 days before an Act is officially
enforced.

The other five digital-economy bills â[#x20ac]" the Electronic Transactions
Bill, the Electronic Transactions Development Agency Establishment Bill, the
Personal Data Protection Bill, and the new Computer Crime Bill and National
Cyber Security Bill â[#x20ac]" are currently at the Council of State
consideration stage, with all of them expected to be passed to the NLA within
the next three months, said Surangkana.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Three digital economy bills set for NLA

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 497 words


ASINA PORNWASIN

THE NATION

Three of the eight digital-economy bills will be forwarded to the National
Legislative Assembly next month, with enforcement expected by the end of this
year.

They are the Information and Communication Technology Ministry Reform Bill, the
Digital Economy Bill and the NBTC Bill.

These pieces of legislation, which are moving on to the last round of the
Council of State's consideration, will then be submitted to the NLA next month,
Surangkana Wayuparb, chief executive officer of the Electronic Transaction
Development Agency and head of the digital-law development team, said yesterday.

Under the Information and Communication Technology Ministry Reform Bill, the
Software Industry Promotion Agency will be abolished.

Its responsibilities will be transferred to the new Digital Economy Promotion
Agency, which will work in a similar way to the Board of Investment, but with
its focus on the digital-economy area. The Technology Crime Suppression Division
will be also abolished, and its work transferred to the National Cyber Security
Agency.

The National Disaster Warning Centre will also be transferred, operating under
the Prime Minister's Office. The Digital Economy Bill, meanwhile, is the result
of consolidation of three former pieces of legislation: the Digital Economy
Committee Establishment Bill, the Digital Economy Fund Bill and the Digital
Economy Development and Promotion Bill.

The consolidated bill will establish the Digital Economy Committee, which will
have more representatives from the private sector; the Digital Economy Agency,
working along similar lines to the National Economic and Social Development
Board, but as a think-thank for the Digital Economy Committee; and the Digital
Economy Promotion Agency, said Surangkana.

Under the NBTC Bill, the number of National Broadcasting and Telecommunications
Commission members will be 11 sitting on a single board, rather than seven
members as in the previous draft.

Also under the bill, commercial frequency allocation will be subject to an
auction, while other options will be possible for non-commercial frequency
allocation. The Universal Service Obligation Fund will belong to the NBTC, but
will be 25 per cent shared with the Digital Economy Fund.

Following the final round of deliberation by the Council of State, the three
bills will be submitted to the Cabinet by the end of this month, before
submission to the NLA in May.

Generally, the assembly takes 30 to 60 days for consideration of a bill,
followed by a transitional period of 90 to 180 days before an Act is officially
enforced.

The other five digital-economy bills â[#x20ac]" the Electronic Transactions
Bill, the Electronic Transactions Development Agency Establishment Bill, the
Personal Data Protection Bill, and the new Computer Crime Bill and National
Cyber Security Bill â[#x20ac]" are currently at the Council of State
consideration stage, with all of them expected to be passed to the NLA within
the next three months, said Surangkana.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

China to launch security reviews on tech products

BYLINE: Cao Yin

LENGTH: 585  words


Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

China upgrades cyber-security

BYLINE: Cao Yin

LENGTH: 579  words


Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

China upgrades cyber-security

BYLINE: Cao Yin

LENGTH: 585  words


Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is 'safe and
under control' is 'vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.'

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

China to launch security reviews on tech products

BYLINE: Cao Yin

LENGTH: 579  words


Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

Government office said making sure Internet and computer technology is "safe and
under control" is vital to China's national security, economy, social
development and people's rights.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            April 30, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

In PPP Terms,India 3rd Largest World Economy

BYLINE: OUR BUREAU NEW DELHI

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 437 words


India has displaced Japan to become the world's third-biggest economy in terms
of purchasing power parity (PPP),according to a World Bank report released early
on Wednesday.The 2011 round of the bank's International Comparison Program (ICP)
ranked India after the US and China.The last survey in 2005 had placed the
country in 10th place.PPP is used to compare economies and incomes of people by
adjusting for differences in prices in different countries to make a meaningful
comparison.India's share in World GDP in terms of PPP was 6.4% in 2011 compared
with China's 14.9% and the US' 17.1%,the latest ICP showed.The survey covered
199 economies."The United States remained the world's largest economy,but it was
closely followed by China when measured using PPPs.India was now the world's
thirdlargest economy,moving ahead of Japan," the report said.Despite high
inflation in India in recent years,prices in the country are still well below
those in advanced economies,explaining the higher raking for India on the PPP
measure.But according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF),India's economy
is 12th largest and only about a third of Japan's in terms of absolute
unadjusted dollars."The economies with the lowest prices are either in Africa or
Asia and the Pacific and include India,which has the third-largest economy," the
report noted."Because economies estimate their GDP at national price levels and
in national currencies,those GDPs are not comparable.To be compared,they must be
valued at a common price level and expressed in a common currency," the report
said giving out the rationale for the PPP adjustments.For example,people in a
country with higher average per capita income may not necessarily have a better
quality life than a country with lower average per capita income.This makes it a
good tool to compare poverty levels across countries."One major use of PPPs is
poverty assessment using the World Bank's international poverty threshold of
$1.25 per day per person.National poverty assessments differ because the
purchasing power of national currencies differs from one economy to another,"
the report said.In terms of per capita GDP,even in PPP terms,India ranks very
low at 127 in the 199-country ranking."The largest economies were not the
richest,as shown in the ranking of GDP per capita.The middle-income economies
with large economies also had large populations,setting the stage for continued
growth," the report noted.In the latest ranking,India's economy was 37.1% of the
US economy compared with 18.9% in 2005.The report said in terms of spending
power,the differences have come down.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            April 30, 2014 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

In PPP Terms,India 3rd Largest World Economy

BYLINE: OUR BUREAU NEW DELHI

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 479 words


India has displaced Japan to become the world's third-biggest economy in terms
of purchasing power parity (PPP),according to a World Bank report released early
on Wednesday.The 2011 round of the bank's International Comparison Program (ICP)
ranked India after the US and China.The last survey in 2005 had placed the
country in 10th place.PPP is used to compare economies and incomes of people by
adjusting for differences in prices in different countries to make a meaningful
comparison.India's share in World GDP in terms of PPP was 6.4% in 2011 compared
with China's 14.9% and the US' 17.1%,the latest ICP showed.The survey covered
199 economies."The United States remained the world's largest economy,but it was
closely followed by China when measured using PPPs.India was now the world's
third-largest economy,moving ahead of Japan," the report said.Despite high
inflation in India in recent years,prices in the country are still well below
those in advanced economies,explaining the higher raking for India on the PPP
measure.But according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF),India's economy
is 12th largest and only about a third of Japan's in terms of absolute
unadjusted dollars."The economies with the lowest prices are either in Africa or
Asia and the Pacific and include India,which has the third-largest economy," the
report noted."Because economies estimate their GDP at national price levels and
in national currencies,those GDPs are not comparable.To be compared,they must be
valued at a common price level and expressed in a common currency," the report
said giving out the rationale for the PPP adjustments.For example,people in a
country with higher average per capita income may not necessarily have a better
quality life than a country with lower average per capita income.This makes it a
good tool to compare poverty levels across countries."One major use of PPPs is
poverty assessment using the World Bank's international poverty threshold of
$1.25 per day per person.National poverty assessments differ because the
purchasing power of national currencies differs from one economy to another,"
the report said.In terms of per capita GDP,even in PPP terms,India ranks very
low at 127 in the 199-country ranking."The largest economies were not the
richest,as shown in the ranking of GDP per capita.The middle-income economies
with large economies also had large populations,setting the stage for continued
growth," the report noted.In the latest ranking,India's economy was 37.1% of the
US economy compared with 18.9% in 2005.The report said in terms of spending
power,the differences have come down."The spread of per capita actual individual
consumption as a percentage of that of the United States has been greatly
reduced,suggesting that the world has become more equal," it said but cautioned
some of this could be due to changes in the methodology.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

OECD sees sluggish growth in short term;
Advanced economies' pick-up can't make up for slump in EMs

BYLINE: anthony rowley; in Tokyo

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 604 words


THE slowing of emerging markets (EMs) in Asia and elsewhere triggered partly by
expectations of a "tapering" of monetary easing in the US points to sluggish
short-term growth prospects for the world economy as a whole, the Organisation
for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned yesterday.

In its latest Interim Economic Assessment, the Paris-based body said that
"recent developments represent a reversal of the pattern prevailing for the past
few years", when money flowed out of advanced economies into emerging economies,
boosting their growth, only to flow out again recently.

"As emerging economies contributed the bulk of global economic growth in recent
years, and since their share of global output has increased so much, this
widespread loss of momentum makes for sluggish near-term growth prospects for
the world economy," the OECD said.

The pace of recovery in the major advanced economies improved in the second
quarter of 2013 "and growth is expected to be maintained at a similar rate in
the second half of the year", the report suggested.

"Activity is expanding at encouraging rates in North America, Japan and the
United Kingdom, while the euro area as a whole is no longer in recession."

In several major emerging economies, however, growth has slowed.

"While growth in China appears to have passed the trough, financial market
turbulence - partly triggered by discussion of a tapering of quantitative easing
(QE) in the US - has highlighted difficulties facing a number of other emerging
economies, especially those with large current account deficits.

"As emerging economies contributed strongly to economic dynamism in recent
years, this slowdown makes for a continuation of sluggish global growth,
notwithstanding the pick-up in advanced economies."

The OECD said a sustainable recovery is not yet firmly established in advanced
economies and major risks remain.

It said demand should continue to be supported through unconventional monetary
policies.

"Both advanced and emerging economies face the challenge of slower trend growth.
Therefore, reforms to boost growth, rebalance the global economy and reduce
structural impediments to job creation remain vital."

A tightening of financial conditions has taken place across much of the global
economy in recent months, the report observed.

"Long-term interest rates have risen since May, triggered by discussions
concerning the prospective withdrawal of additional quantitative easing measures
in the United States in the light of growing evidence of a strengthening US
economy."

It added: "In many emerging economies, loss of domestic activity momentum
together with the shift in expectations about the course of US monetary policy
and the ensuing rise in global bond yields have led to significant market
instability, rising financing costs, capital outflows and currency
depreciations."

Growth in China looks set to recover further in the second half of 2013,
although the expansion could be more subdued than in earlier cycles, it said.

However, in a number of other emerging economies, the recent financial market
tensions and weak momentum suggest both a reappraisal of trend growth and a
deterioration in cyclical conditions.

For the BRIICS countries as a group ((Brazil, Russia, India, Indonesia, China
and South Africa), annual trend growth may have declined by more than one
percentage point over the past five years.

The euro area, meanwhile, remains vulnerable to renewed financial, banking and
sovereign debt tensions, OECD noted.

Many euro area banks are insufficiently capitalised and weighed down by bad
loans, the report added.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                              Londonderry Sentinel

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Port expansion being held up

LENGTH: 368  words


CHAIRMAN of the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners (LPHC), Garvan
O'Dohery, says ambitious plans to expand operations at Lisahally are being held
up by the failure to extend powers for local Trust Ports to allow them to raise
money from private sources.

Mr O'Doherty urged the Government to extend finance-raising powers as soon as
possible to allow the Port to make additional investments and create further
jobs in the North West.

He made the rallying call in his statement to the Port and Harbour
Commissioners' recently published annual report for 2012.

He stated: "There continues to be no progress regarding the long promised
extended powers for Trust Ports.

"This is most unsatisfactory. As the Port is a vital player in the regional
economy and as the Port operates in one of the most deprived economies in Europe
it is in everyone's interests that all opportunities are maximised.

"Even though our sponsoring department (the Department of Regional Development)
has always sought to support our requirements, our ability to move quickly to
take advantage of commercial opportunities may well be impaired."

Mr O'Doherty said the failure to extend powers as promised is hindering
development at Lisahally.

"The Commissioners have most ambitious strategic plans to expand the activities
of the Port. This will translate into additional investment, further job
creation and the development of the infrastructure of the North West," he
stated.

"All these measures are needed to stimulate the economy. Resources are required
to fulfil the Port's strategic plans.

"We are currently curtailed in our ability to raise finance from private source.
Instead the Port is forced to borrow from Government, under the current modus
operandi.

"As Government revenues are under enormous pressures and indeed with the vast
majority of Government expenditure cuts yet to be implemented it is in
everyone's interest to have our legislators pass laws to extend the powers of
Trust Ports at the earliest opportunity," he continued.

He concluded: "I trust this will happen much sooner rather than later. All of us
must be innovative in our actions and we must play our part to eliminate the
scourge of the economic downturn."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INLS


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Beale: Waiting for the public

LENGTH: 1045 words


For infrastructure investor Alinda Capital Partners LLC, the problem isn't
dealflow. There's plenty of dealflow in the private sector, says Christopher
Beale, Alinda managing partner. The biggest unknown, he says, is how and when
the public sector will become more active in privatizations and public-private
partnerships.

Beale, a former global head of project finance at Morgan Stanleyand Credit
Suisse Group, believes things will ultimately fall into place. His firm, which
recently closed an oversubscribed $4 billion fund, now claims it is the largest
independent infrastructure firm, with $7 billion of committed capital.

"The future is bright," says Beale. "Governments at all levels are broke and
will need to access private capital to maintain and upgrade infrastructure. The
private sector has the capital to do the job; the public sector doesn't. ...
Unlisted, closed-end infrastructure funds will play a role alongside unlisted,
open-ended funds and direct investments by pension funds. Listed funds will be
created. There will be multiple models for channeling investment capital, and no
right way or wrong way.

"Established private equity firms will have to address how to allocate utility
and energy deals between various funds. In other words, will they allocate them
to existing PE funds or to infrastructure funds they are trying to establish?
Will their infrastructure funds be confined to transport and water? In general
debt is available from the outset for infrastructure investments.

"A few sovereign wealth funds have or are developing the capability to make
direct investments in infrastructure. That's a good thing. Capital is being
recycled, jobs created. A few U.S. pension funds will become direct investors in
infrastructure, as has happened in Canada and Europe. We haven't seen a flood of
deals from the public sector, only a trickle. Governments need to build capacity
to structure and negotiate public-private partnerships. That's almost
nonexistent in many states. Governments need to develop transaction templates
they can share with each other and learn from. It's more complex in the U.S.
than in, say, the U.K. We have 50 states, not one, and our governments are 20
years behind. But we've arrived where the U.K. was 20 years ago: Our governments
are out of money."

&nbsp;

The Predictors
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/features/cover-stories/on-prediction.php|On
prediction     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lerner:-more-pe-reform-and-more-emerging-markets.php|Lerner:
More PE reform and more emerging markets
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kroszner-warns-about-the-shadows.php|Kroszner warns about the shadows
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/forecasting-is-hard.php|Forecasting is hard
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/werbalowsky%27s-hopes-and-fears.php|Werbalowsky's hopes and fears
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/academics-on-failed-banks,-busted-towns-and-fat-fees.php|Academics on
failed banks, busted towns and fat fees
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/gray-on-commercial-real-estate.php|Gray on commmercial real estate
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/berlinski-and-mass-on-how-pe-will-cope.php|Berlinski and Mass on how
PE will cope     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/cuban-on-nearly-everything.php|Cuban on nearly everything
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/turk-on-europe%27s-future.php|Turk on Europe's future
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/heller-on-bankruptcy,-part-2.php|Heller on bankruptcy, part 2
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/hofmeister-on-energy.php|Hofmeister on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/trinder-on-riding-the-waves-of-regulation.php|Trinder on riding the
waves of regulation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/guccione%27s-triple-play.php|Guccione's triple play
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kallir-on-the-ways-of-the-art-market.php|Kallir on the ways of the art
market           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/grahm-on-wine.php|Grahm on wine
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/routh-on-the-rise-of-dumb-pumping.php|Routh on the rise of dumb
pumping      http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lloyd-george-on-emerging-markets.php|Lloyd George on emerging
markets           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/suhler-on-media-spending.php|Suhler on media spending
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/isaac:-banking-on-consolidation.php|Isaac: Banking on consolidation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/morris-on-limited-partners.php|Morris on limited partners
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/nunnelly-on-a-pe-shakeout.php|Nunnelly on a PE shakeout
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/beale:-waiting-for-the-public.php|Beale: Waiting for the public
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/collier-on-energy.php|Collier on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/levin-on-private-equity%27s-red-tape-and-return-to-the-midmarket.php|L
evin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket      &nbsp;
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/soothsayer-to-the-street.php|Soothsayer to the Street

&nbsp;

DEAL SIZE

$ 500 Million to 1 Billion

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           September 19, 2008 Friday

VECTOR;
Creating a caring economics

BYLINE: Sonny Coloma

SECTION: Pg. S1/4

LENGTH: 903 words


In the fall of 2004, 26 academicians, social activists, and former government
officials from Latin America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, and the United
States were invited by the Dag Hammarskjold Foundation to discuss the movement
toward a "new economics." That meeting spurred Riane Eisler to write a book on
The Real Wealth of Nations with the subtitle, "creating a caring economics."

Dr. Eisler begins by drawing the new economic map that covers six economic
sectors, namely: core inner sector - household economy; second sector - unpaid
community economy; third sector - market economy; fourth sector - illegal
economy; fifth sector - government economy; and sixth sector - natural economy.

This is in contrast to the old economic map that covers only Adam Smith's market
economy, the government economy, and the illegal economy, but leaves out what
she calls the "foundational" economic sectors: household, unpaid community, and
natural. This omission, she points, out "leads to distorted views and policies."

Let's understand Dr. Eisler's foundational sectors.

Consider first the core inner sector, the household economy, that is "the real
heart of economic productivity, as it supports and makes possible economic
activity in all the other sectors." Glossed over by most economic textbooks in
simply portraying the household as a "unit of consumption" is that, as Dr.
Eisler points out, "it is, and has always been, a unit of production." Explains
Dr. Eisler:

"Its most important product is, and has always been, people - and this product
is of paramount importance in the postindustrial economy where 'high-quality
human capital' has become a business mantra."

The most glaring omission, according to Dr. Eisler, is that "no attention is
given in conventional economic analyses to what is needed to produce this
high-quality human capital: caring and caregiving."

The second sector is the economy of the unpaid community. In Dr. Eisler's
framework, this includes "volunteers working for charitable and social justice
groups in what is often called civil society, as well as some aspects of the
barter and community currency economy (which is growing)." As in the household,
caring and caregiving are also important activities in this sector.

The third sector is the market economy that is the focal point of conventional
economic analysis.

The fourth sector - the illegal economy - provides a counterpoint to the caring
and caregiving sectors of the economy in that its defining characteristic is the
lack of caring, "not to speak of the killing and other horrors that are its
hallmarks." This includes the drug trade, the sex trade, some of the arms trade,
and other economic activities that are in the hands of crime syndicates and
gangs.

The fifth sector is the government economy that regulates the market economy,
determines and implements laws and policies, and provides essential public
services, either directly or through outsourced contractors. Dr. Eisler notes:
"Present government policies are often also uncaring of the mass of people,
channeling funds to the wealthy. And in many nations, including the United
States, government policies fail to protect nature from reckless exploitation
and pollution."

This brings us to the sixth sector, the natural economy that, Dr. Eisler points
out, "produces resources out of which the market economy maintains itself." She
laments that conventional economic models treat the natural economy
perfunctorily. In fact, in conventional cost-benefit analysis, caring for Mother
Earth is treated as a liability.

Dr. Eisler's advocacy is to "develop economic models, measures, and rules where
the first, second and sixth sectors are recognized and highly valued."

Parallel to the six sectors, Dr. Eisler lays out the terrain for building a
caring economic system by identifying six of its foundations.

Foundation 1 is a full-spectrum economic map that includes the six sectors.
Foundation 2 consists of cultural beliefs and institutions that value caring and
care-giving. Here, the partnership system replaces the domination system. This
means debunking the assumptions of dominator economics that include: a lack of
trust in people, an emphasis on pain and scarcity, a premium on selfishness, and
the mind-set that caring and caregiving are barriers to productivity, if not
irrelevant to economics.

Foundation 3 consists of caring economic rules, policies and practices to be
crafted by government and business to foster meaningful human development.
Foundation 4 consists of accurate and inclusive economic indicators such as "the
life-sustaining activities traditionally performed by women in households and
other part of the non-monetized economy." Also included here are activities that
protect, conserve, and sustain the natural environment.

Foundation 5 provides the structure for partnership in the economic and social
spheres. Such partnership is built upon principles of democracy and equity,
mutual respect and trust and an aversion toward fear and violence, "equal
valuing" of male and female, and beliefs anchored on empathy, mutual benefit,
and caring relations.

Finally, Foundation 6 pertains to an evolving theory that incorporates the
partnership elements of both capitalism and socialism that transcend
conventional wisdom and "recognize the essential economic value of caring for
ourselves, others, and nature."

Comments may be sent to sonny_coloma@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 1, 1995, Friday, METRO EDITION

Economy shifts gears Third-quarter surge in exports pulls business out of
downturn

BYLINE: By Tony Van Alphen Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 407 words


   Canada Has averted a recession, thanks to Uncle Sam.

The economy grew at an annual rate of 2.1 per cent in the third quarter because
of strong exports to the U.S., Statistics Canada reported yesterday.

The improvement came after the economy shrank in the second quarter, raising
fears of a recession, but some analysts say the uptick is only temporary because
the U.S. economy is weakening.

"We don't think we've dodged a recession," said Paul Summerville, chief
economist for Richardson Greenshields.

"First of all, most Canadians believe, and rightly so, that we never came out of
the last recession in 1992 and secondly, the U.S. economy will slow in 1996 and
we'll be in a recession."

Other economists, including Carlos Leitao of the Royal Bank and Tim O'Neill of
the Bank of Montreal, say the U.S. economy will not weaken significantly next
year, which should keep Canada from tipping into a recession.

"It (the U.S. economy) might not be quite as strong but we should be okay here,"
Leitao said.

O'Neill said the gross domestic product should improve next year because the U.S
economy will remain strong enough to fuel Canada's exports. Lower interest rates
should also boost the domestic economy, he added.

The economy declined 0.6 per cent in the second quarter, raising some concern
that the economy was in trouble. The technical definition for a recession is two
consecutive quarters where the economy shrinks.

StatsCan said U.S.-bound exports climbed 2.4 per cent during the summer. Office
machines and equipment accounted for 60 per cent of the gain.

"Aside from rising exports, the economy remained quite weak," the agency noted.

Manufacturing exports have been driving Canada for the last two years while the
domestic economy remains weak. The third-quarter figures showed a continuation
of that trend.

Business investment in plant and equipment, residential construction and
government spending all declined, StatsCan said.

Domestic spending improved but analysts noted it mainly came out of savings.

Summerville said the rise of 2.4 per cent in consumer spending on an annual
basis is not sustainable in view of a fall in real disposable income and the
continuing "meltdown" in Canada's savings rates.

Leitao agreed weakness in the domestic economy remains a problem.

Growth will also depend on how Canada handles steep spending cuts in Ontario,
the country's economic engine.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR CHART: Modest growth in economy. (SOURCE: Statistics Canada)

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              409 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 27, 1994, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

Switch to soft economy forces major change

BYLINE: By David Crane Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 793 words


   FOR MUCH of Canada's history our growth has depended on hard assets - rocks,
logs, steel, machines and the like. But increasingly, we are now dependent on
soft assets - software, design, ideas, systems, media content.

This shift has far-reaching consequences because the kinds of policies and
institutions needed for an economy based on soft assets are fundamentally
different from one based on hard assets.

I first encountered a serious effort to understand these changes on a visit to
Japan in 1985, when I spent time with economists who were exploring the new era
of what they called "softonomics."

Much of the work of the economic growth program at the Canadian Institute for
Advanced Research addresses the same kind of issues - what kinds of institutions
and incentives do you need in an economy in which the key assets are ideas and
knowledge?

What we are learning is that in this "soft" economy, almost every institution is
forced to change.

Dealing with soft assets poses problems, for example, for our banks.

Accustomed to lending against machinery, equipment and buildings, banks are now
being asked to lend to companies where the main assets may be the skills of the
software writer, the TV series producer, the investment analyst, the product
designer or the scientist in the biotechnology lab.

This economic shift is forcing the banks to create special units to deal with
this new economy, to get into the business of direct equity investments in the
new economy on a much broader scale, and to retrain many of their credit
officers to understand this "soft" economy.

The "soft" economy also changes the workplace, from a top-down and hierarchical
organization to one based on teamwork and co-operation.

When the main asset of an organization is its brainpower and its most important
needs are innovation and creativity, then there has to be much less traditional
"bossing" and much more enabling and coaching.

The "soft" economy also has implications for the educational system.

It means more emphasis has to be put, in our schools, community colleges and
universities, on analytical and creative skills, communication and teamwork
skills and entrepreneurial skills - as well as on science and mathematics.

The "soft" economy also means that the people with research and development
skills, marketing skills, product design skills and the like are much more
important and that these activities should receive a high proportion of
investment dollars.

In fact, none of these things are currently treated as investments by
accountants or by many of the corporate number-crunchers who currently approve
investment decisions.

Instead, money spent on developing new products, pursuing new markets or
training workers is treated as expense, and therefore something to be cut.

The "soft" economy also requires different kinds of government policies.
Ontario's film industry, for example, is the product of innovative and
determined people. But it is also the result of government policy - Canadian
content rules on TV, co-production agreements, generous tax incentives, grants
through Telefilm Canada and the broadcast fund imposed on the cable TV industry
and education programs in post-secondary institutions.

Likewise, the Ontario government's funding for a design strategy and federal and
provincial support for the Design Exchange reflect a recognition that good
design is an important competitive requirement in the new economy.

The focus on boosting small and medium-sized growth companies, with specialized
goods and services, or niches, is also a reflection of the new imperatives of
the "soft" economy.

The old or "hard" economy emphasized mass production and the notion that bigger
is better. The more that was produced, the greater the economies of scale.

But in the "soft" economy, specialized and customized activities open up
opportunities to many more people.

The "soft" economy also means other institutional changes.

For example, aided by information technologies, networks among small and
medium-size companies, so-called "virtual" companies, pre-competitive R&D, the
development of clusters or critical mass of skills and activities all become
more important.

And countries that find new institutional arrangements to accelerate innovation
and ideas and to bolster creativity will gain an edge over those that don't.

The "soft" economy doesn't mean the "hard" economy is dead. We will still
produce steel, paper, nickel, copper, stoves and refrigerators and beer. But
even in those industries, the "soft" content is what will decide failure or
success.

David Crane is The Star's Economics Editor. His column appears in the Business
section Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              410 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                            June 12, 1993, Saturday

Editorial;
An exercise in economic linguistics

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 668 words


Economic Planning Agency Director General Hajime Funada's remarks on Thursday
that the Japanese economy has almost hit bottom had repercussions on the
International Trade and Industry Ministry and the majority of the nation's
business leaders who remain reluctant to make such comments.

Funada's comments were made verbally--not in writing--at a meeting of Cabinet
ministers concerned with economic affairs. It was unprecedented for an EPA chief
to make such a declaration without putting it into writing.

In the EPA's monthly report released Thursday, the words, "hit bottom" cannot be
found.

Even though the government has not reached a consensus about the state of the
economy, the EPA went ahead and made its declaration based on signs of
improvement.

It is inappropriate to only comment on the EPA's judgment in this case, because
Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa has made similar comments.

On June 2, Miyazawa told a meeting sponsored by the Yomiuri International
Economic Society that the economy had already bottomed out and that it would
begin on the usual path toward recovery.

Defining an economic bottom

There are no clear definitions of what it means for the economy to "hit bottom"
or "bottom out." But, the EPA says it means the economy has already gotten
through the worst stage of recession, but has not yet started on a full
recovery.

Most people would not disagree with the view that the Japanese economy has
emerged from the worst period. The problem now is how should Japan work to
ensure a steady economic recovery.

According to a report issued Friday by the Bank of Japan, business confidence
among major Japanese manufacturers stopped declining for the first time in about
four years. Still the confidence of nonmanufacturers continued to get worse. The
survey, a quarterly poll taken in May that is known as the Tankan report, said
manufacturers and nonmanufacturers predict the economy will improve by the fall,
but feel the improvement will not be conspicuous.

The economy is likely to improve slowly, making many advances and retreats along
the way. As the EPA director general told the ministers, domestic consumption
and investment on plants and equipment--two pillars of the Japanese economy
--continue to be sluggish. The corporate profits and employment situations
remain difficult.

The government and the central bank, therefore, must swiftly implement the new
13.2 trillion pump-priming package, while continuing efforts to steer the
nation's economy effectively without making prejudgments.

It is especially important to judge what effects the rapidly-appreciating yen
will have on the Japanese economy. When doing so, we hope the government will be
sure to consider ways to reap benefits from the strength of the yen.

Despite uncertain factors existing in the Japanese economy, the prime minister
and the EPA director general showed their confidence about an economic recovery.
Given that the Tokyo summit of the Group of Seven industrialized nations is
coming up next month, the comments may have been made to deflect foreign demands
that Japan improve its economy in order to drive the weak economy back to
health.

Some government officials apparently learned their lessons in the late 1980s
when the government was slow in sensing economic changes and continued to take
measures to boost the economy, triggering the creation of a bubble economy.

Developing new yardsticks

Business leaders, on the other hand, earnestly demand that the government set
standards by which the state of the nation's economy can be objectively
judged--precisely and quickly. Now that the Japanese economy has matured in many
ways, Japan needs to develop different economic yardsticks.

No company can afford to concentrate its attention on debating whether the
economy has hit bottom. Corporate success depends on whether firms will be able
to streamline their operations to reap profits despite low economic growth.

(From June 12 Yomiuri Shimbun)

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1993 The Daily Yomiuri


                              411 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 24, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

Interest rate rise before the election still a possibility;
MONDAY COMMENT

BYLINE: Ross Gittins - Ross Gittins is the Herald's Economics Editor.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 768 words


DON'T jump to the conclusion that the official interest rate is on hold for the
foreseeable future. The probability of a rate rise in early November isn't high
at this stage, but it can't be ruled out.

The situation is very fluid. The game has moved on even since Reserve Bank
governor Glenn Stevens spoke about the outlook for monetary policy last Tuesday.

Since then we've had the Federal Reserve's decision to cut the US official rate
by a surprising 0.5 percentage points and, more particularly, the credit
markets' favourable reaction to that move.

When it comes to our own official rate, much will turn on whether it's clear the
global credit crunch has dissipated by the time the Reserve Bank board meets on
Melbourne Cup day (and woe betide any board member who doesn't turn up).

It's hard to think of a time when the factors the Reserve has to weigh up have
been pulling in such different directions. There are three main factors: the
state of the domestic economy, the outlook for the world economy, and the crisis
in global credit markets.

If it were simply a matter of assessing the state of our economy and the
consequent outlook for inflation pressure, there's little doubt rates would be
headed up in November. Indeed, absent the global turmoil, they might already
have been raised a second time this year.

Only a surprisingly benign result for the September quarter consumer price index
- which we'll see just two weeks before the November meeting - could stay the
tighteners' hand.

Mr Stevens made this clear last week, noting that "going into this episode [of
market upheaval], the economy was travelling very strongly, with the outlook for
growth and inflation being revised higher over recent months".

"The data since the August decision to lift the [official] cash rate indicate an
economy at least as strong as the board's assessment at that time, with few
signs of that momentum slowing," he said.

If that's not a big enough hint, try this: "Given the macro-economic situation
of the Australian economy thus far, some additional restraint would perhaps not
be unwelcome."

One statistical comparison is all you need to understand the Reserve's
twitchiness: at a time when the economy is almost out of spare production
capacity, the last national accounts showed aggregate demand in the non-farm
economy growing by 5.2 per cent, whereas the econocrats' best estimate of the
rate at which aggregate supply ("potential") is growing is 3 to 3.25 per cent.

Against this clear evidence of excessively fast growth in our economy, however,
are the signs of slowing in the US economy and the possibility of slower growth
in the world economy.

To quote Mr Stevens: "the outlook for the US economy has been weakening and will
presumably be affected to some extent by the credit market events themselves. It
is conceivable that some European economies could be affected as well, given the
credit difficulties in those markets.

"To this extent, global growth, which has continually surprised by its strength
in recent years, could, other things equal, turn out to be a bit weaker than
expected a few months ago."

Be clear on this, however: when you're worried about building inflation
pressure, an over-strong domestic economy easily trumps a somewhat slower world
economy. And that's why so much turns on the third factor, the "credit market
difficulties". The first point is that, if global credit markets were still
unsettled in early November, no one in their right mind would add a rate rise to
the mix.

So only if you had a reasonable degree of confidence that markets had settled
would you consider ending the "on hold" position.

Second, by November it should be clearer whether we're looking at a mild
slowdown in the US economy or a significant slowdown in the world economy caused
by continuing credit market difficulties.

Third, by November it should be clearer whether the crisis-inspired lift in
certain Australian market interest rates has lasted and is big enough to
substitute for another rise in the official interest rate.

That's why the situation's so fluid. Even before the US Fed's rate cut, Mr
Stevens could see "some encouraging signs of new credit beginning to flow
again".

Since the Fed's cut the signs have become much more prevalent and encouraging.
Add the fact that the imminent US reporting season should make it much clearer
which banks are sitting on subprime and other losses, and there's a good chance
credit markets will be a lot calmer by the middle of October.

If so, a lot may still turn on the September quarter CPI result we see on
October 24. Don't nod off between now and then.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Comeback for the greenback

BYLINE: John Kerin

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1632 words


US economy The United States is back on the growth track, but can it save the
world, asks John Kehoe in Washington.

After six long years suffering the lingering effects of the worst United States
recession since the 1930s, Pete Pappas senses the United States economy is
improving. "We've seen a nice pick-up, particularly in our manufacturing
clients."

Pappas is the owner of a labour hire firm in North Carolina. "It's becoming more
difficult to find truly skilled people," he says.

During the past year, the firm has placed about 200 extra workers into skilled
trades and manufacturing roles, an increase of about 30 per cent on last year.

In Vermont, in the north-eastern corner of the US, car dealer Daniel Bokan at
Shearer Chevrolet Buick GMC Cadillac says new car sales are up 28 per cent over
the past year.

Down the road at the Lake Champlain Regional Chamber of Commerce, president Tom
Torti says he is "bullish" on the local economy, as three new hotels are built
in the area.Sustained recovery

The world's largest economy appears to be on a path to a sustained recovery.

Unemployment is below 6 per cent for the first time in six years. House prices
had crashed in the subprime mess but are gradually recovering.The economy may
have ground to a halt early in the year due to a bout of freezing weather, but
over the past six months, economic output has rebounded.

Investors around the world are now looking to the US to see if it can lift the
world economy from its feeble state and withstand the volatility that this week
saw global financial markets whipsaw.

"It's almost as if the US is coming back to lead the global economy after being
gone for five or six years," says IHS chief economist Nariman Behravesh.

Across the Atlantic, Europe is at serious risk of a triple dip recession, as
Germany's economy slows sharply and doubts renew about Greece's finances. Japan
continues to struggle to recover from its near-two-decade slump, despite
cautious reform efforts from the conservative Abe government.

Emerging market economies, including China, are slowing after being the engine
rooms of growth for most of the past decade.

Apart from financial matters, the Ebola epidemic is a new threat to the world
economy if it spreads in a major way beyond Africa. Coupled with ongoing
geopolitical instability in the Middle East and eastern Ukraine, investors are
getting jittery, dumping stocks and rushing into US and German government bonds.

The negative global forces at play hammered sharemarkets around the world this
week.

On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average touched an eight-month low on
Thursday and is about 7 per cent below its record high.

That could mean the US Federal Reserve will keep rates near zero for longer.
Dovish Fed board member James Bullard of St Louis said on Thursday the central
bank should continue its stimulatory asset purchases in October instead of
ending the program, as it had signalled.Fed loath to lift rates

Australia has plenty riding on the Fed's actions. Ideally, Reserve Bank of
Australia governor Glenn Stevens would like to see the Fed tighten policy sooner
rather than later. House prices in Australia are surging and some analysts are
warning of a dangerous asset bubble. But the Reserve Bank will be loath to lift
rates before the Fed to contain any exuberance. A unilateral tightening of
monetary policy would likely drive up the value of the local currency, crimping
the domestic economy at a time when it is already performing below par.

Before raising rates next year, Fed chair Janet Yellen wants to see continued
evidence the US economy is recovering and ongoing jobs growth with a little, but
not too much, wage inflation.

So from the Reserve Bank board room at Martin Place in Sydney, to Berlin, to
London, business and investors are looking to the United States to lead the
globe.

The world economy needs a saviour. The US appears to be in a rare bright spot.
But even then, it is all relative. And it could all be derailed by troubles
elsewhere.

The aggregate economic US data shows an economy that is on the mend. But across
the country, business is patchy.

Paul Nordlund, owner of a boat building and repair company at Tacoma,
Washington, says business has improved from the depths of the recession, but it
"hasn't come close to the 15 years prior to the downturn".

Even wealthy clients who can afford to buy a new yacht are reluctant. They don't
want to be seen flaunting their riches in front of former staff who were laid
off during the recession.

"I think it's improved, but when someone brings in a boat for a repair it's 'Do
the minimal'," Nordlund says.

"Everyone is still cautious and nervous about what the future is going to look
like."

The Nordlund Boat Company employs about 50 staff, up from 19 when the recession
hit in 2008 but well below the peak of 75.

The official unemployment rate masks lingering weakness in the jobs market. Many
have given up looking for work and there are 6.9 million fewer Americans working
or searching for work than before the 2008 crash.Workers not convinced

Americans read and hear news that the economy is getting better, but many do not
believe it.

Two-thirds of respondents to a Pew Research Centre poll agree "the economy is
recovering, but not so strongly".

Some 56 per cent say their family's incomes are falling behind the cost of
living, in line with results of October 2008 during the height of the global
financial crisis.

While there has been a massive increase in the income share of those in the top
0.1 per cent of the income pie over the last decade, the median household income
adjusted for inflation is no higher than in 1980.

Labour's share of income has fallen to its lowest level in the postwar period.

In a sign of the times, Wells Fargo employee Tyrel Oates, who earns about $US15
an hour ($17) in the bank's collections department, last week emailed the chief
executive John Stumpf and asked for a $US10,000 pay rise. He cc'd in 200,000
colleagues on the request, reportedly writing "income inequality" in the email
subject line.

Brookings political analyst Thomas Mann says the sombre mood among middle-class
Americans reflects a feeling that the economic recovery is not broad.

"We've seen a dramatic reduction in the unemployment rate, a succession of
months with over 200,000 jobs created and real GDP growth, and dramatic
reduction in the budget deficit," Mann says.

"We've done pretty well on some of the basic indicators, and yet the stagnant
wages and overall insecurity have left Americans feeling even worse than they
did before."The 'best place to invest'

Wall Street's elite are more bullish. The Australian who is chief executive of
Morgan Stanley, James Gorman, said last week the US is now the best place to
invest in the world.

"That's a great thing, because it happens to be the world's largest economy and
most dynamic economy," Gorman said in Washington.

The Fed raising rates from their artificial lows will be a positive sign the
economy is improving, he says.

"It's a good outcome. Let's feel good about that," Gorman says.

JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon believes "America is chugging along".

"I'm a real long-term bull on the US economy," he says, pointing to the strength
of the country's innovation, technology universities, technology, capital
markets and population growth.

"I believe things holding us back are gridlock [in Congress] and Europe."

The political gridlock that has plagued Washington could worsen or improve
depending on the results of the November 4 congressional elections.

Europe and Japan are facing the serious risk of deflation, despite their central
banks trying to pump prime the economy. Falling prices in the debt-plagued
economies would be bad news. If people anticipate prices will be lower in the
future, they are likely to squirrel away money and stop spending in anticipation
of cheaper prices. The downturn would become self-fulfilling.

So can the US not only withstand the problems in Europe and Asia but drag the
world economy to its feet?Not the locomotive it was once

The recent surge in the US dollar will assist Europe and Japan to produce a
little more badly needed inflation.

But while it's still the world's largest economy, the US accounts for about 20
per cent of world GDP today compared to about 50 per cent at the end of World
War II.

"The US economy is not quite the locomotive it was 20 or 30 years ago," IHS's
Behravesh says.

The US can still provide meaningful impetus. But if Europe and Japan remain sick
and emerging market economies continue to slow, the once mighty America is
unlikely to single-handedly pull the world from its rut.

"Strong US growth is not sufficient to raise the euro zone and Japan from their
torpor," Capital Economics economist Andrew Kenningham says.

"The trade links are too small and the problems in both economies are domestic
and deeply entrenched."

The oil price this week tumbled to almost $US80 a barrel this week and analysts
and investors are debating if this is good or bad news for the US economy. The
returns of oil producers will be lower, but energy-intensive businesses such as
manufacturers will enjoy lower input costs and consumers will have higher
disposable income to spend on goods and services.

The US economy can probably withstand persistent weakness in Europe, barring a
major collapse. Domestic demand is a large driver of the US economy, which is
less reliant on exports than most other countries such as China and Germany.

Consumer spending accounts for 70 per cent of the economy.

But US growth of 2 .5 to 3 per cent is below the robust 4 per cent recorded in
the Bill Clinton years of the 1990s.

The United States' contribution to the world economy will be gladly welcomed.

But for a durable recovery, other economies, particularly Europe, must pull
their weight.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fed chair Janet Yellen is looking for continued evidence of a
strengthening economy before she raises rates. Fed chair Janet Yellen is looking
for continued evidence of a strengthening economy before she raises rates.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday

The Globalist Quiz

BYLINE: TheGlobalist.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 626 words


THE GLOBALIST QUIZ

Slicing, Dicing the World Economy

The weekly quiz is provided by the Globalist, a daily online feature service
that covers issues and trends in globalization. The nonpartisan organization
provides commercial services and nonprofit educational features.

QUESTION

The world is comprised of a little over 200 countries. But only a few of them,
by themselves, account for a truly significant share of the global economy. We
wonder: How many countries account for at least 1 percent of the global economy?

ANSWER

A. 123

B. 48

C. 18

A.

123 is not correct.

Of the 189 countries for which the World Bank has recent gross domestic product
(GDP) data, 123 of them individually account for less than 0.1 percent of world
GDP. GDP is the value of all the goods and services produced by an economy over
the course of a year. The global economy as a whole produced goods and services
valued at over $72.4 trillion in 2012, as measured in U.S. dollars. However, the
combined GDP of the 123 smallest economies was just $2.2 trillion, or just a
little more than 3 percent of world GDP. Taken together, the 123 smallest
economies -- which is about two-thirds of the 189 ranked by the World Bank --
have a combined output equal to Brazil's GDP, the world's seventh-largest
economy. Cuba and Azerbaijan -- with GDPs of $68 and $67 billion, respectively
-- are the largest economies in the pool of nations with less than 0.1 percent
of global GDP. Forty-seven of these countries have economies that are smaller
than 0.01% of world GDP. Rwanda, one of Africa's fastest growing economies over
the last decade -- is the largest of this group, with a GDP of $7.1 billion.

B.

48 is not correct.

A total of 48 countries -- roughly a fourth of all countries in the world --
have a share of the world that is larger than 0.1 percent of the global economy,
but smaller than 1 percent. As a group, these countries have a cumulative GDP of
$13.2 trillion, or about 18 percent of world GDP. Their combined GDP amounts to
only four-fifths of the U.S. economy -- and is nearly as large as the Chinese
and Japanese economies combined. The 48 countries range in size from Saudi
Arabia -- whose $711.1 billion economy accounts for just 0.98 percent of world
GDP despite its enormous oil wealth -- down to Syria, whose $71.7 billion
economy was almost exactly one-tenth of a percent of world GDP in 2012. Syria's
economy has been devastated by its ongoing civil war, as well as by trade
sanctions brought by the United States, European Union, Japan and other nations
that have limited the amount of oil and other goods it can export. As a result,
Syria's economy is bound to fall below the 0.1 percent threshold.

C.

18 is correct.

Only 18 countries -- less than one-tenth of all countries in the world -- have
an individual share of world GDP that exceeds 1 percent. Taken together, these
18 countries have a combined GDP of $55.7 trillion, or 77 percent of world GDP.
The smallest of the group is the Netherlands, with a GDP of $770.6 billion in
2012. Five other countries have economies that account for between 1 percent and
2 percent of world GDP: Turkey ($789.3 billion), Mexico ($878 billion), South
Korea ($1.1 trillion), Indonesia ($1.2 trillion) and Spain ($1.3 trillion).
Another nine countries have economies that account for between 2 percent and 5
percent of world GDP: Australia ($1.5 trillion), Canada ($1.8 trillion), India
($1.8 trillion), Italy ($2 trillion), Russia ($2 trillion), Brazil ($2.3
trillion), the United Kingdom ($2.5 trillion), France ($2.6 trillion) and
Germany ($3.4 trillion). Finally, only three countries in the world have a share
of global GDP that is above 4 percent. They are Japan ($6 trillion), China ($8.2
trillion) and the United States ($16.2 trillion).

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Dispelling the myths about 'Economy' electricity rates;
WAKING UP TO WINTER RAISING AWARENESS AND PROVIDING GREAT ADVICE FOR YOU AND
YOUR FAMILY THIS WINTER

SECTION: NEWS; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 227 words


THE Energy Saving Trust has launched a new advice leaflet to help enable
householders across Wales to understand Economy 7 and Economy 10 electricity
tariffs.

Economy 7 and Economy 10 are electricity tariffs where householders pay a
different price for electricity at different times of the day. Typically, the
electricity costs less during the night than during the day. Economy 7 means
householders get cheaper electricity for seven hours overnight, and Economy 10
means you get cheaper electricity for 10 hours overnight.

Get the reduce As well as information about the different tariffs, the leaflet
also provides householders with information on storage heaters and immersion
heaters, and also provides helpful hints and tips to help reduce energy use and
lower fuel bills.

Duncan McCombie, director of the Energy Saving Trust in Wales, says: "Although
householders on Economy 7 and Economy 10 get cheaper rates during the Economy
Hours, outside these hours the electricity rate is a lot higher than the
standard tariff rate, so it is important that householders understand how the
tariffs work. Our leaflet aims to provide householders across Wales with the
information they need to get the most out of Economy rates and lower their fuel
bills."

To receive a copy of the Using Economy 7 and Economy 10 heating systems leaflet
please email advicewales@est.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Get the most out of your Economy rates and reduce your fuel bill

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Turkish commentary views effects of Gezi protests on "fragile" economy

LENGTH: 571 words


Text of report in English by Turkish privately-owned, mass-circulation daily
Hurriyet website on 19 June

[Column by Erdal Saglam: "While markets are normalizing, risks crystallize"]

While the Gezi protests seem to be calming down, it can also be seen that the
destruction the powerful protests created in the economy is slowly being
rectified. However, this does not mean that this situation has eliminated the
existing risks in the economy. On the contrary, the effects of these incidents
have shown us that the fragileness of the economy has increased and that they
have become visible enough to reach dangerous stages during social unrest.

Meanwhile, we can also say that thanks to this, the relationship between the
progress in the economy and democracy has started being discussed. It has been
revealed that economic development or stability does not automatically solve the
issue of lack of democracy and also that lack of democracy poses a threat to
economic stability. Behind this threat, there stands the fact that economic
issues have not been solved structurally, plus the economy is foreign-dependent
and there is the danger of disruption in the economy with a slight effect.

Following the calming down of the incidents, it is apparent that the meetings
and contacts conducted by the Turkish Industry and Business Association
(TUSA°AD) and the business world with the government and the president are
indicators of the increasing tension in the economy. Business people who have
held the meetings said afterwards that not only in tourism but in many other
fields ventures have stopped and contracts have started to be cancelled. They
have obviously conveyed that to the prime minister and the president.

President Abdullah Gul said yesterday that if the incidents don't stop
immediately, then they will affect the economy. He also asked for Turkey's image
to be recovered as soon as possible. He drew attention to the fact that
"reputation is built over years but can be lost in one week." These statements
looked as if they were an indicator of the uneasiness he felt for the economy.

Head of TUSA°AD Muharrem Yilmaz, though, felt the need to say that there was no
problem related to the economy. The statement Yilmaz said after seeing Erdogan
was noteworthy: "Since we do not have any concerns about economy, this
reputation we have achieved in the economy should also be provided in social
life and democracy and we have conveyed our views on that. If we have any
shortcomings in those areas, then necessary steps should be taken."

Data announced

Economic data publicized this week however show the situation before the
incidents possessed features showing risks to the economy. In March,
unemployment has decreased compared to one month before but when seasonally
adjusted it can be seen that unemployment is increasing. While the latest budget
figures reveal a positive outlook, it is seen that the increase in foreign debts
is rising.

The fact that foreign exchange rates went up very fast especially in the days
when Gezi protests affected the economy once more showed how fragile an economy
with an external deficit is as well as showing what a huge danger it possess for
the finance sector and real sector.

As well as the expected waves in global economy, the crystallization of the
vulnerability in economy once more has revealed the urgency of social consensus.

Source: Hurriyet website, Istanbul, in English 19 Jun 13

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 11, 2013 Monday

Pakistan: Experts for embedding green economy with democratic culture of Pak

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 11 -- Speakers at a moot on Friday called

for introduction of Green Economy in Pakistan embedding in the

social and democratic culture of the country.

"Green Economy is needed more than ever but it needs to be

embedded in social and democratic procedures," said an expert on

green economy, Barbara Unmuessig, President of the Heinrich Boell

Stiftung (HBS).

The event was jointly organized by SDPI and HBS on the

occasion of Barbara Unmuessig's visit to Pakistan. Entitled "Green

Economy - `The New Magic Bullet? ", the talk took place in the

newly inaugurated office of HBS Pakistan here. Britta Peterson,

Country Director, HBS Pakistan moderated the proceedings.

Barbara was of the view that to combat Climate Change, it is

crucial to switch from a fossil-fuel based economy to a more

efficient model run on renewable energies.

"One has to realize that we live in a resource finite world

and there is need for more efficient and innovative production and

consumption patterns," she argued and added that "new model

moreover also needs clear social guidelines and distribution

measures. A Green Economy should benefit the majority of the

population and allow democratic governance as well as social

participation."

She said, "De-carbonizing the global economy is a declared

objective of all protagonist of a Green Economy. The good news is

that none of them consider fossil-fuel based economy scenario as

an option anymore."

However, she added, not everything that is carbon free is

socially sound. "So, before rushing into it, the concept of Green

Economy has to be checked against reality," she went on to add.

Commenting on concept of green economy she said that the

concept of Green Economy still remains vague as the expectation

that stakeholders at Rio+20 couldn't agree on a final definition

of Green Economy.

"The concept emerging from UNEP and OECD was initially

framed in a limited way and also, it has been understood very

differently among States and within civil society," she added.

Barbara expressed that the global community needs a change

of paradigm to face the multiple crises presently occurring and

increasing.

But at the same times questions that could the green economy

be this paradigm and revolutionize the global economy. She also

asked whether it can transform the main macroeconomic parameters

such as money, currency and trade policy into an eco-social

direction?

Pointing towards consumption patterns and behaviours, she

stressed upon the socio-political and cultural transformation

particularly in developed countries for protection of environment

and preservation of nature.

She said that efficiency is not enough and there is need to

focus on `sufficiency', upon which unfortunately the Rio+20 also

failed to deliver.

Speaking at the occasion, Shafqat Kakakhel, Member Board of

Governor, SDPI showed his concern over shrinking of development on

environment and sustainable development.

"All the gains on environment framework have been abandoned

and there was no tangible progress at Rio+20." He cited Doha

meeting where the principle of common but differentiate

responsibility was abandoned.

"This means that all the nations have to mitigate this

collectively and developed nations have to pay for the problem

that west has created.

Talking the role of multilateral institution, he said that

multilateral institutes were successful in devising normative

frameworks at policy levels Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                            October 15, 2012 Monday

Gloom deepens: Chilly winter forecast for the global economy

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 15 -- It's time to embrace the reality, even if it bites. The world
economy, which just about managed to rebound from a recession three years ago,
is facing another deep economic slump, but there is no place for it to hide from
sharp, chilly winds.

The developed economies are battling soaring debt levels, and consequently
deleveraging and fiscal tightening, that has resulted in tepid growth.

The emerging economies are facing the chill of shrinking demand from developed
economies as exports take a beating while ultra-loose monetary policies in
advanced economies risk the creation of asset bubbles in these nations.

The IMF on Friday cut the growth outlook for Asia and warned that growth in
developed economies remained tepid.

The Washington-based lender said that it expects Asia's economy to expand by 5.4
per cent in 2012, 0.6 percentage points down from its previous forecast, while
in 2013 Asia is tipped to grow by 5.9 per cent, 0.7 percentage points less than
its previous projection.

A major shock from Europe's deepening debt turmoil and the looming challenge of
fiscal cliff in the US may pull the world economy into another recession.

The world economy is stuck in low gear with manufacturers from Europe to the US
,China and Japan biting the dust, consumers in major economies reeling under
soaring joblessness and austerity pain, and businesses cutting back investment.

Eurozone is set to see a recession in Q3; China's slowdown is deepening while
the looming challenge of fiscal cliff in the US darkens the already fragile
American economy's outlook.

The fast fading fortunes of the global economy has prompted central banks from
the US to Europe to push the easing button.

Bank of Israel Governor Stanley Fisher warned on Monday that the world economy
is very close to another recession, backing the Fed's recent decision to trigger
QE3. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions
Limited . For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2012 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                            October 21, 2011 Friday

Why Family Businesses Fail in Nation Management Expert [interview]

BYLINE: Chris Agabi

LENGTH: 1443  words

DATELINE: Lagos


Globally, family businesses contribute significantly to a nation's growth. In
Nigeria, huge family businesses that should be contributing to growth have
failed. Mr.

, the Managing Director, Meristem Wealth Management Ltd shares his thoughts on
the ugly trend. He also spoke on the state of the economy and investment
opportunities in Nigeria. Excerpts:

The economy has not fared very well. Though the economy refers to a whole gamut
of things but I don't think any rational person would claim the economy has
achieved significant growth. But some of the shocks on Nigeria's economy are
external - turbulence from other economies. In terms of expectations from
people, the economy hasn't been that fantastic. Specifically, the real sector
hasn't been interesting in terms of development. When you talk of the economy,
you consider the real sector and other sectors, but the real sector is not
growing.

The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has tried to see that the real sector is
funded through providing intervention funds to different sectors, but at the
same time the cost of finance is still very high. Interest rates are still high
and logistics of operations are not exciting. The infrastructure that should
impact the real sector and make it work is not there. Many of the companies
operating in the real sector haven't performed well this year and all this boils
down to the state of the economy.

It has had a serious negative effect on our business. You would agree with me
that we manage wealth. But wealth hasn't grown significantly this year due to
the poor economy. Resources of individuals and companies haven't really improved
so there hasn't been much growth in wealth. Our income is a function of wealth.
Thus, since our clients' wealth hasn't grown, our income hasn't grown as well.
No company operating in the financial service industry would claim they have
made so much profit this year. As I said earlier, it's not just Nigeria's
economy that is down but other economies elsewhere in the world and this is also
impacting on us.

You noted the CBN is intervening in the real sector, but the CBN is also
introducing measures that industry watchers claim is stifling companies because
access to credit is increasingly becoming difficult.

That is the basic truth. Most times when CBN is implementing policy tightening
monetary policies, the interest rates goes up. What it takes for an average
company to access credit goes up because of the interest rates. Even where the
company has viable projects, the cost of fund makes the implementation of the
projects prohibitive.

Tightening of monetary policy by the CBN is not helping the real sector. In
fact, it is escalating the problems in the real sector.

The CBN is trying its best to prevent some things from happening in the economy
with its monetary policy but we would have to balance the fiscal aspects as
well. If the CBN is tightening monetary policies and the fiscal aspect is left
without control, it becomes dangerous. There must be balance between the two and
the CBN and the Ministry of Finance must work in harmony to achieve this.
Everybody has got a role to play in making the economy work - the public and
private sector.

The private sector can only play a significant role when the environment set out
by the public sector is right. The companies operating in the private sector
depend on a lot of policies from the public sector to function.

But the private sector must also be disciplined. For instance, there are a lot
of speculative activities going on in the forex market level and other levels
because people want to make quick money. You can imagine the negative impact on
the economy. There has been huge upsurge of foreign exchange demand, are we
saying the demand is genuine? Until everybody comes to the consciousness that we
need to support the economy, we may still not achieve much.

It is everyone's business to grow the economy beyond personal achievements. But
sometimes, the private sector wants to support the economy but policy
inconsistency militates against that. It becomes very difficult sometimes to
even say how one would contribute to the economy with the high level of
uncertainties. Everyone is basically trying to survive anyhow because there is
no clear direction for the economy for us to follow. What structure do we have
as nation to survive? What developmental programmes are available for the
country with targets? When government fails to set clear directions, it is
difficult for the followers to contribute.

Wealth management is not only about investment management as some would like to
think of it though we also do investment management. We offer financial advisory
services as well in addition to helping people manage their investments. Talking
about investing in certain assets classes today in Nigeria; first, I would say,
investment is a function of objectives. The equity market is down, the real
estate market is not doing so well and you don't expect short term profits.

But the fixed income market is doing fine. This is because rates keep on
increasing. Talk of bonds, talk of placements, the rates keep going up. That is
the impact of the MPR that has been increased to 12 percent. The Nigerian
interbank rate is about 11.5 percent on the average. With this, the average rate
people are receiving when they place money increases. You can see the rising
trend of pension companies bombarding the bonds market. It's because, it is
profitable.

The return on investment you can get from fixed income market, you can't get it
from the equity market. Right now I can place my funds in the bonds market but
investing is a function of your objectives - short term, medium term and long
term objectives.

The equity market may be down now but will it continue to be down in the next
five, ten years? No. So someone who wants long-term investment can still buy
equities. Some stocks are still good in the equity market. There is a difference
between value of a company and its share price on the stock exchange. Because a
company's trading price is down doesn't mean the company doesn't have value. So
if I have a long term investment objectives, I can put my money down even now
that the prices are low, I can still put my money in equities.

But it's good to do asset allocation. That is, what percentage of my funds
should go in the equity market? What percentage should go in the real estate
market? Etc. It is key to create a balanced portfolio to achieve a targeted
return. Investment has gone beyond returns on investment; it has to be goal
based. Goal based investment suggests that you set a goal and target your
investments to achieve that goal.

Let's have more insight into Meristem Wealth Management Limited.

Meristem Wealth Management was set up to cover a gap that exists in the
financial services sector. We set up to focus on high net worth individuals.
Wealth management is about providing comprehensive financial solutions to high
network individuals and their families. We target a lifelong relationship with
our clients. High network individuals are busy people, doing several things. So
they need financial planning; like coordinating their businesses and financial
resources which they may not have time to do on their own. Our mission as a
company is to optimise the wealth potentials of our clients through a passionate
customer service.

High net worth individuals are wealthy already but they need someone to manage
their wealth for them and ensure the wealth grows and it is preserved. Also we
try to ensure a smooth transfer of the wealth to the next generation. It's not
just about managing their investments, but about ensuring that their successes
are well managed and well distributed in their life time.

Many of the high net worth individuals, if they die today, there would be
challenges because their investments are scattered including equity investments.
Their properties are scattered. They need a wealth manager to get them organised
and optimise the potentials of each of these assets classes. A wealth manager
coordinates all of your businesses and report to you for decisions. The asset
manager helps plan for your retirement and protects your family from crisis
after you die. These are what we do.

We manage financial resources of our clients to give them peace of mind. We are
not a fund or money manager. A money manager just manages your funds and tries
to minimize your risks, but as wealth managers, we consider your interests and
life time goals as well and then we try to achieve them with you. We also take
care of your philanthropy goals and vocational aspirations. We ensure your
legacies are not dead with you.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday

In Search of Power Solution Through Natural Means

BYLINE: Peter Onochie-Igbudu

LENGTH: 1278  words

DATELINE: Abuja


With epileptic power supply in Nigeria; nature has provided solar/wind energy,
which is practically the alternative we need as a nation to drive our economy.

It is on record that the fastest growing economies of the world today, are those
that embraced industrial revolution and made technology the key-driver of their
economies, by not only having it as a major income earner, but also take
advantage of new technologies from other economies to improve the lot of the
citizenry and state economy.

Some of the great economies in the world now, started from practically nowhere,
but depended on importation of cheap technology for their practical orientation
and improvement, from where they began to experiment in the pursuit of their
dreams to become what they are today.

Japan, Singapore, and South Korea, are some of these economies in Asia, while
Germany, France and USA, are a few others in Europe and America respectively.

However, apart from these technologically-based economies, there are so many
others that have consistently used what they have to acquire what they wanted to
boost their economic growth in the area of processing their goods from the raw
stage to finished goods, to enhance the market value for either domestic use or
as a foreign exchange earner.

This has inevitably helped most economies to become global players in the world
economy, not by export of technology but by export of well harnessed or
processed products as foreign exchange earner.

There is no economy in the world that has it all and does not need input from
other economies for effective growth. This is the reason for bilateral
relationships among nations of the world, and the basis for this trade and
diplomatic exchange is for nations to acquire what they don't have to improve on
either their Gross Domestic Product, GDP or the Per Capital Income, to create a
positive impact on the overall economy.

No nation can exist based on only what it has, but the truth is that some
countries of the world are completely living in isolation by restricting their
economies to conservative growth models that is archaic to 21st century global
economic participation in a global community, and unfortunately, these nations
have perpetually remained sidelined not by veto of embargos, but by change
agents that are in contrast with conservatism.

Regrettably, Nigeria falls within the context of a docile economy by not fully
maximizing opportunities provided by the bilateral and diplomatic relationships
on a larger scale of preference, but inevitably existing on practically lopsided
balance of trade indices that have kept the economy rather stagnant and a
dumping ground for other economies that truly understand the rudiments of
international trade. This, understandably, is tragic and have continued to count
against the nation and people while those nations that have untirelessly forced
their 'weak models' into our markets have been ranked among the global economic
players of the 21st century.

It is an undeniable fact that Nigeria is abundantly blessed in the areas of
human and natural resources, but the hard truth is that these resources have
practically lied dormant and unharnessed when compared to the geometric growth
of other nations without such endowments. It sounds ridiculous anyway, but that
is the position Nigeria has maintained for decades and not even bothered about
it, simply because the change agents we have as a nation have been under intense
resistance by hard-line administrative tragedy that is insensitive to change; a
posture that have consistently and recklessly shrieked the economy in submission
to poverty and over dependence on other well harnessed economies for all the
basic needs of the society and people which mostly come in half baked pieces and
at exorbitant prices to further weaken the economy.

Power generation is one out of many problems confronting Nigeria, and the growth
of any economy is to a large extent, dependent on the power generation capacity
of such a state no matter how it is viewed, because nearly everything that
motivates capacity building has a direct or indirect link with power supply for
effective production and distribution to enhance development.

Most nations of the world have grown beyond epileptic or unstable power supply
which is rather prevalent and a permanent phenomenon in Nigeria.

The irony of this worrisome unproductive developmental agony, is the fact that
despite the yearly budgetary allocation to the power sector to revamp the age
long obsolete generation and distribution equipment, the situation have remained
the same.

The world's power generation drive have been rechanneled from hydro or coal
energy to a more environmental friendly solar and wind energy solution as the
case may be. Most countries of the world have over the years, been searching for
alternative energy source at a cost effective rate and free from carbon
monoxide, to power their industries and homes.

With the discovery of renewable solar/wind energy which are more advantageous
compared to coal/hydrocarbon or fossil fuel which release greenhouse gases
,carcinogens and carbon dioxide which have direct or indirect contaminating
effects on the nature's air and environment.

However, to a reasonable extent, most technologically advanced countries of the
world have adopted these alternative energy solution and have found them cost
effective, while many more nations are still looking in the direction of optimum
utility which the solution have provided. This is no doubt, the dream of any
industrial aspiring nation, as well as others that are determined to make life
more meaningful to the people who would rather prefer it that way to make their
economy more buoyant by conserving energy.

The good news about these alternative energy source is that Nigeria is at the
centre of the source which undoubtedly are the sun and wind.

These are very consistent power sources that the nation would never run out of,
meaning that electricity power generation and distribution would always be there
to drive the economic growth if it given priority attention and harnessed. But
the irony of it all is that, despite having the solution to our age long power
generation problem, the government have kept wasting the nation's financial
resources in the pursuit or rather, funding the hydro power energy generation
that have failed the economy from its inception.

That is the bad news anyway, but the fact is that even the resources to import
the needed technology to harness this God given permanent solution to a problem
that have existed and caused so much trouble for the fragile economy, is not out
of reach for Nigeria.

However it may appear and to be candid, what we have spent as a nation in one or
two years failed attempt to revamp the ailing hydro-based power sector, could
possibly save the nation from further embarrassment resulting from unstable
power supply if the same amount of the resources are put into the alternative
power source that are abundantly available in this part of the world.

However, without mincing words, it is imperative to know that Nigeria have come
of age to stop every wrong move, search or investment in the area of power
generation and distribution by concentrating on the available resources to
harness the abundance of what we are blessed with to make life more meaningful
and cost effective.

This would subsequently drive the economy to admirable height and make Nigeria a
global player in the world economy, with high GDP growth rate and increase in
Per Capital Income.

This is the wisdom most countries have imbibed to turn their economies around
for the overall wellbeing of the society and people.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 Addis Fortune

                                    May 2010

Opposition Camp On Economy [interview]

LENGTH: 2646  words


The factors of production like land, capital, labour, and entrepreneurship are
all sources of wealth. These will be controlled by the private sector.

In a country where the major source of capital - which is land - is controlled
by the government, farmers consider themselves as employees of the state. Not
only does the government control the land, now it even controls what crops are
harvested and where they are supposed to be collected.

The major player in both sectors, owning the land and the crops on the land, is
the government. The ruling party has its own trade conglomerates that control
the fertilizer of the land and the farmer plays no role becoming a political
instrument for the ruling party.

The farmers are insecure because the ruling party can repossess their plot of
land at any time should the party suspect that the farmer has no allegiance to
the said party. So it is a political game being played by the ruling party.

If MEDREK gets an opportunity to form a government after the coming election,
the ownership of land will definitely belong to those who till the land and the
government would not be a major player in the market but the private sector.

This ruling party has businesses in nail manufacturing, flower farms, including
small enterprises that should be owned and operated by the private sector. It is
very difficult to say there is a free market economy in Ethiopia. In a country
where the major employer and the market player is the government, there is no
free market economy. That is what Revolutionary Democracy is all about-one
dominant party in politics and in the economy.

The government needs to play its natural role in terms of defence, foreign
affairs and, what we call in business, natural monopolies. For instance, in the
energy sector there may not be enough investors in this area who can
participate, since it is very capital intensive. That sector probably can be
played by the government.

But MEDREK is going to change that, if we get an opportunity to form a
government, the private sector should be given full authority to manage the
economy. We would hand over companies that are owned by the ruling party to the
public through auction. The market would be based on demand, supply and price.
Consumption and distribution would be dictated by the needs and wants of the
consumer, not the ruling party.

Interventions by the ruling party have shown, time and again, that it failed,
exposing people at the lower level of society to extreme hardship. You can take
the example of sugar. Their action are distorting the competitive nature of the
economy.

Small government is good government. The government should have a very small
role in the free market activity of the economy. MEDREK will restrain its role
in the market but that does not mean that we are not going to intervene when and
if it is necessary.

When there are factors that could destabilise the society, we will intervene to
bring back the market and the social well-being of the society to a normal
state. MEDREK would set into place a regulatory framework that would make the
competitive nature of markets free for everybody to play in.

If conditions arise where few sellers are in a monopoly or oligopoly, they
control prices and products in such a way as to affect the majority of the
people.

It would be incumbent upon the ruling party, MEDREK, if we get a chance to form
a government, to intervene and stabilise the market because society is being
affected not by normal interactions of market give and take but by the
monopolistic stake of a few sellers. So in that condition, it would be
reasonable and responsible for any ruling party to intervene and stabilise the
market.

Both monetary and fiscal policies should not be controlled by one branch of the
government, which is EPRDF's case is the executive branch.

In other countries, for example, if you take the Federal Reserve of the United
States, not only are they neutral and independent, but they are also elected for
a term of office that outlasts both the legislature and executive branch of
government. They intentionally designed the system in such a way that both the
legislature and executive branches would not be able to influence the monetary
supply of the country.

Here, however, the Central Bank of Ethiopia is totally under the control of the
ruling party; and at times when they have to raise the money supply - they do
not. At times when they have to reduce interest rates - they do not. At times
when they have to raise the reserve requirements of banks - they do not for
political reasons.

We are in an inflationary period; we have been in inflation at least for the
last two years. So, people are suffering because the ruling party has a large
appetite for money. So, there are too few goods because there is too much money
in the economy. So, during times like these, responsible governments do take
bitter pills.

What is a bitter pill? It is a restraint - an austerity programme, or a belt
tightening programme by the government to contain inflation. But this ruling
party is not interested in doing that because they want to use this as a
political message and be seen as having a growing economy.

But the economy is growing at a severe cost paid by the consumers. Too much
money is being poured into the economy - more than the economy of the country
can handle. So we have stated again and again that interest rates have to be
raised as any responsible government would do at times such as this. A
responsible government would raise interest rates, cut government spending,
raise bank reserve requirements and try to create productivity within the
market.

Fiscal policy is used by the government in raising and reducing taxes,
increasing the tax base and increasing or reducing the tax rates. Whatever
measures are taken to bring about and sustain a healthy economy is done by the
executive branch using fiscal policy.

But the ruling party is now saying that they have done both, without using any
of these tools; that is impossible. Therefore, the economy is not being managed;
it is being mismanaged. And people are being victimised due to this continued
claim of GDP growth because the ruling party wants to tell the people, for
political purposes, that for the last seven years the GDP has been growing. They
have rejected both of these instruments and have refrained from using them for
political reasons. I would say that is irresponsible.

Economic growth at what cost? That is what I am trying to say.

There is an economic growth if you are talking about GDP. It is like over
eating; it is not useful at a certain level. After some point, the law of
diminishing returns takes hold. Now I am saying that instead of healthy growth
this is hurting a lot of people. The society is paying the price in terms of
inflation and unemployment.

You can take this as you want, there is growth in the construction sector. It is
obvious and everybody can see it. There is too much money in the economy - this
is a fact. There are too few products - it is a fact. But society is paying a
price; those who earn fixed incomes from government salaries are paying a price
because there are no products that they can afford to buy.

There are retirees with fixed income. There are government employees who live on
a certain amount of money every month. They can neither send their children to
school nor can they buy their groceries because there is too much money in the
economy. Things have gone out of control and the state of the economy is not
healthy. It is inflationary and that is what spread unemployment. This is like a
family who is over-spending its income, thinking to borrow some more for the
next month and live that month - but they are accumulating debt.

Ethiopia is a net debtor nation meaning the economy is being financed by
somebody else. This is bad. The economy should be financed by home grown growth.
This money that we are spending has come mostly on loan, grant or aid. It is
very superficial. It is not sustainable.

What we call growth and balanced growth is when the society has savings in the
bank and the bank loans this money out to productive sectors. The Ethiopian
population's savings is significantly low. How could they save when they do not
even have money to sustain themselves and their livelihood for the month? It is
very difficult to say they will save money; for what interest, for what gain?

The interest rates the banks are paying is so low that nobody will be interested
in saving their money.

At four per cent interest rate during this inflationary time, the economy is
mismanaged and I do not think the ruling party really understands the intricacy
of a modern day economy and what monetary and fiscal economy means. I do not
think the incumbent has an understanding of the significance of these
instruments.

Just do the reverse of what Ethiopian Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) is
doing. If we can do that, I am sure we will advance the economy to a healthy
economy. We do not want to lead the people to believe that the economy is
growing when the economy is not home grown.

We want people to have a culture of saving making sure interest rates are
competitive. Products should be bought at a price supported by demand and
supply. Interest rates should be negotiated between banks, borrowers and
lenders. This freedom should be given to the private sector.

In the economy, the major player should not be just few monopolistic
organisations. It should be wide and accessible enough to the private sector.
Currently, the major player is the ruling party. It is the supplier and it is
the buyer in every aspect.

If you take the grain, coffee market, and all agriculture products, the
government has a warehouse where these products are being produced. The
government is the buyer and seller. They are fixing the price. When the price is
fixed there is no free market. They are buying the farmers' products according
to prices they themselves have set and taking the products to government
warehouses. There is no interaction between the buyer and seller.

Market economy is based on a free signal from the market to the producers.
Therefore, market signals should not be blunted by the involvement of the
government. When we say we are a free market economy, the market signals should
clearly, without any distortion in between, be transmitted to the producers so
that one can engage in production based on market supply and demand. They can
choose areas which are productive for them. These signals should not come on
instruction from the central government but should be an inter-play between
buyers and sellers.

I do not see any change. The nature of this ruling party whether in politics or
economy is a command economy and a totalitarian. Because what the ruling party
says everybody does. There is no other way of doing things. Even if by some
accident the ruling party continues after May 2010, I do not assume any
structural changes in the economic policy of the incumbent. Because they have
already stated time and again every economic activity is going to be done from
the centre. Market economy is just a way of getting a loan and credits from the
western countries.

Well I am not going to propose anything for EPRDF. What I propose is for the
electorate to vote for MEDREK in 2010 and there will be major changes in a sense
that there will be stability in the economy and politics. People would be the
major players of the economy and politics at the grassroots level. There will be
total freedom in the market interplay.

MEDREK's responsibility would be to regulate and to bring about laws and
regulations that will benefit the whole society and whole sectors of the
population and economy, not a sector or group. Both the economy and politics
would be totally in the hand of the population.

This country and its sovereignty belong to the people. The people dictate how
things should be run in every intersection in the society. There will be many
thousands of civil society interest groups in this country if MEDREK is elected.
Every one of them will be taken into account. The interests of the people
through their representatives will be reflected both in the economy and
politics.

Special emphasis will be given for the resourses of each sector. Those sectors
will be brought out to benefit the community of the area which the natural
resource is found. Intervention and control by the government will be minimised.
The creativity and entrepreneurship skill of the people would be encouraged.
This will be a participatory government. We would encourage initiative and
encourage the dynamics of individuals and groups to initiate business ideas.
That is where the change will come from. We are going to bring out the
initiative of people to play in the free market economy.

Yes it is doable, but it will be very difficult to do that without using
monetary policy. But the way around it is to have the economy perform
productively and make some economic productivity gains. Otherwise it will be
very difficult.

Inflation, deflation and recession are economic cycles in free market economies.
Sometimes it will be important for the government to cut spending. But no
government wants to cut spending because of political reasons. But genuine
governments should explain what is to be done.

When the economy overheats, there are reasonable fiscal and monetary tools that
are conventionally used by all governments in economic theory except in
communist or socialist states. At least one or the other of fiscal or monitory
policy must be used or both of them have to be used.

What EPRDF claims to have achieved, growth without using these two has never
been done. It must be a new discovery and that was why I brought the question up
in Parliament for discussion.

MEDREK will open up the market to participatory play, provide information to the
producer, buyer and supplier and also the consumer. So in a free market economy,
price always gravitates towards equilibrium - if not exactly then in close
proximity.

There will be a true reflection of market and supply. The invisible hand should
operate, not the government. But there should be times where the government
intervenes in market for reasons of stability, and to protect the interest of
the masses. But in major cases the invisible hand operates. MEDREK will remove
all the barriers this government has put in place.

We are buying more than we are selling. We are importing from abroad more than
we are exporting. Our appetite for imported goods has increased. We are
importing not only capital goods, we are also importing consumable goods like
ketchup, tomato sauce. How difficult is it to produce tomato sauce? So, very
little import substitution is done to save foreign exchange.

One of the things that we would be focusing on is import substitution. Domestic
investors have to be encouraged to produce goods and services that can help us
from importing in hard currency.

No, because it is a temporary subsidy. Things have to be valued in terms of the
benefit they bring out to the country and the people. If we can subsidise a home
grown investor by giving free land and tax holidays, it will cause the business
sector to engage in home grown services and products. So, in the long run, the
benefit to the people and the government by saving foreign exchange would be
tremendous.

We have to export more and not depend on few agricultural items. The amount and
the quality and the volume of the agricultural product that we are exporting
should be changed significantly.

In other sectors like human resource development and tourism, we will make trade
participatory in items of export.

And the exchange rate regime should not be dictated by a ruling party, it should
be dictated by the market. Money is bought and sold like products are bought and
sold in the rest of the world. Ethiopia cannot be an island.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

China should be vigilant in safe time - World Bank chief economist

LENGTH: 604 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

[Xinhua "Interview": "China Should Be Vigilant in Safe Time: World Bank Chief
Economist"]

WASHINGTON, March 3 (Xinhua) - The Chinese government should still be vigilant
although it appropriately handled the global financial crisis in the past year,
said Justin Yifu Lin, Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World
Bank.

"The Chinese economy gave a good answer to the world last year," Lin told Xinhua
in an exclusive interview on Tuesday.

"The Chinese economy stood out among other economies in the world last year,"
said the 58-year-old Lin, who has been working as the World Bank's chief
economist since June 2008. He is also the first Chinese who takes up this post
for the Washington-based international organization.

China's gross domestic product, the broad measure of overall economy, recorded
an 8.7-per cent growth in 2009 in the circumstance of a 2.2-per cent contraction
of the world economy.

China has become one of the engines of the global economy, Lin said. He forecast
that the world economy will grow 2.7 per cent in 2010, in which China will
account for about 30 per cent.

He said the Chinese economy grew fast last year thanks to three reasons.
Firstly, the Chinese government implemented a strong and timely fiscal stimulus
policy. Secondly, China is a developing country, providing plenty of room for
government investment. Thirdly, China has a big market which makes it relatively
easy to increase domestic consumption.

He predicted that those favourable factors remain this year.

"I believe that the goal of eight per cent growth in 2010 of the Chinese economy
is possible," he said.

However, many challenges remain for China's economy, Lin said. Internationally,
world economic recovery remains fragile. Domestically, asset bubble is likely to
emerge with the heavy investment in China.

According Lin, the biggest challenge of all in China's economy is employment.

"Employment is the biggest challenge that the financial crisis brought to us,"
he said. "The society will not be stable unless the employment problem is
solved."

"China is still facing severe pressure of employment. That is why the Chinese
economy has to maintain a certain pace of growth," he said.

Another problem is income distribution, he mentioned. "But income distribution
is also connected with employment."

"Income and employment are the two sides of a coin," he said.

If these two problems are not fairly addressed, the social income gap will be
broadened.

The major source of income is salary for the low-income group, he said.

Still, for the current economic situation, Lin said he is always "relatively
optimistic" about China. Yet he also warned China, among other nations, to be
vigilant in the seemingly safe time.

Although the global economy started to recover, the foundation for recovery is
still fragile, and there is the possibility of a crisis comeback, he said.

He took Greece as an example. When the economy is good, the government won't
find debt a problem. But when the economy starts to decline, debt payment
suddenly becomes a big problem, and is likely to lead to debt crisis.

"Any economy has its cycle," Lin said, "You must consider in advance whether you
can pay the price when the economy is in a downturn."

He said the Chinese economy has a good development momentum with various
favourable conditions. "But there are more to be improved. We have to use the
period of time to improve the quality of our economy and turn the crisis into
opportunity," he said.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 0446 gmt 4 Mar 10

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 1, 2008 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A View With Some Room

BYLINE: By SUSAN STELLIN

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 899 words


There is a new class of service emerging in the aircraft cabin. It fits between
economy and business class, both in amenities and price. It offers a better
seat, more legroom, priority boarding and fancier meal service than  coach.

The only catch is, you cannot find anything comparable on any American airline.

Although ''premium economy'' fares have been available on some foreign carriers
for more than a decade, a handful  have raised  the ante recently by carving out
a separate cabin in their aircraft for business travelers on a budget and
leisure travelers willing to pay extra for a more comfortable flight. Demand for
premium economy seats may actually be helped by the slowing economy as companies
tighten their spending and restrict business-class travel.

Virgin Atlantic overhauled its premium economy service last year, the new
British Airways airline OpenSkies started  its prem-plus cabin     in mid-June,
and Qantas Airways and Japan Airlines plan to introduce their  premium economy
services on  routes to the United States later this year.

''It's a smart business move because there's been what I call class creep on an
airplane,'' said Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst with Forrester Research.
''What's now called business class is almost what first class used to be. So
premium economy is more like what business class used to be back in the 1980s,
akin in many ways to U.S. domestic first class in terms of legroom.''

In fact, the economy cabin has fallen so far in travelers' esteem that OpenSkies
is calling its middle cabin prem-plus --  avoiding the word ''economy.''

''It's not premium economy,'' said Dale Moss, managing director for OpenSkies,
just after the carrier's inaugural flight landed at  John F. Kennedy Airport in
New York two weeks ago.

Describing the airline's prem-plus cabin, which has 28 seats with a roomy
52-inch pitch (the distance between the back of the seat and the seat in front
of it), Mr. Moss emphasized, ''It's a business-class seat as opposed to a
business-class bed.''

The leather seat is 20 inches wide and reclines to a 140-degree angle (flat
would be 180 degrees)  with an adjustable leg rest and lumbar support.

OpenSkies currently flies one Boeing 757 aircraft between Paris Orly airport and
Kennedy  and plans to add five planes on routes from New York to Europe by the
end of 2009. Prem-plus fares start at $1,650 round trip, including taxes and
fees, through July 4 and then will rise to $2,256.

Although a 757 typically carries 200 or more passengers, OpenSkies has 82 seats,
with 24 in business class and 30 in economy.  But that breakdown may shift
depending on customer response to each cabin, Mr. Moss said.

Given the economy and the  response to the premium economy concept on other
carriers, this new middle class may have found its moment. Virgin Atlantic,
which introduced its original premium economy product in 1992 when companies
were downsizing after the  Persian Gulf war, redesigned and expanded that part
of the cabin last year.

Chris Rossi, the airline's senior vice president for North America, said the
airline has seen less corporate ''trading down'' lately, yet premium economy
bookings have increased 20 percent over  the last 10 months.

Virgin Atlantic's premium economy seat is 21 inches wide with a 38-inch seat
pitch and includes priority  check-in, priority boarding and baggage claim, a
preflight drink, an amenity kit and enhanced meal service.

British Airways also offers a separate premium economy cabin, called World
Traveller Plus, which was introduced in 2000 and recently got a makeover with
new fabric cushion and headrest covers and upgrades like noise-reducing
headsets. Its seats are 18.5 inches wide with a 38-inch pitch.  On both British
Airways and Virgin, premium economy fares from New York to London start at
$1,891, including taxes and fees.

Across the Pacific, Japan Airlines and Qantas Airways both introduced  premium
economy cabins last fall, and plan to extend them to  flights  to the United
States later this year.

Japan Airline's premium economy service will make its debut on its Tokyo to New
York route on Aug. 1, featuring a ''sky shell seat'' that reclines within a
stationary hard shell to avoid encroaching on  the traveler seated behind.

In November, Qantas Airways will introduce its premium economy service to
flights between Australia and Los Angeles. The new cabin is priced at about
twice the economy fare and half of the business-class fare, said Lesley Grant, a
Qantas group general manager.

Frank Schnur, vice president for advisory services with American Express
Business Travel, said the company has seen more interest in premium economy
among its corporate clients, particularly since the beginning of the year.

But  carriers in the United States do not seem to be embracing the concept.
While United Airlines has Economy Plus seating, it offers a few more inches of
legroom than economy, but not the upgraded seat.

While acknowledging the financial challenges that American carriers face, Mr.
Harteveldt attributed their absence in this arena to  lack of interest in
passengers outside the expensive  cabins.

''People will pay an above-average price for something that's tangibly better,
so kudos to the airlines that recognize this,'' he said. ''The ones that don't
are going to wonder, 'Where did my profitable customers go?' ''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The prem-plus section on a plane flown by OpenSkies, a unit of
British Airways, offers more legroom. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIN LEE/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              423 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            December 5, 2006 Tuesday

When sufficient is enough

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 914 words


As His Majesty the King celebrates his 79th birthday today, he finds his
"sufficiency economy" theory at last being taken to heart by policy-makers in
the government. The concept seems poised to genuinely become a way of life in
Thailand.

Unfortunately, few people fully understand the theory. Some have translated the
King's advocacy of setthakij phopiang as "self-sufficiency economy", suggesting
a denial of globalisation.

In fact, His Majesty has never suggested a self-sufficiency economy - only a
sufficiency economy.

In his speech to well-wishers gathered at Dusit Palace on his birthday in 1999,
the King clarified his theory, expanding on an address he gave the previous
year.

"Self-sufficiency is not a sufficiency economy - it's a Stone Age economy," he
said.

"A Stone Age economy is a kind of sufficiency economy, but it must gradually
develop. There must be some exchange. There must be cooperation between villages
or between the so-called districts, provinces and countries. There must be some
barter or some insufficiency. That is why I said that, if we have only
one-fourth of a sufficiency economy, it will be satisfactory."

His Majesty introduced his sufficiency theory several decades ago after
dismaying at the number of Thais still living in poverty. He sought a way to
help these poor people improve the quality of their lives. He wanted to
initially ensure them a sufficient life - pho mi, pho kin - and then enable them
to use natural resources as efficiently as possible.

If most Thais enjoyed sufficiency, he reasoned, Thailand itself would be stable.

"Sufficiency economy has been interpreted as 'community economy'," His Majesty
said, meaning village or local sufficiency, which seeks to give local people at
least enough to survive. It begins with having enough to eat.

"Many years ago - 10 or more years ago - I talked about the sufficient quality
of living. But sufficiency is only the beginning of economy."

As the King has suggested, sufficiency theory has other dimensions. It also
encourages trade among villages, districts, provinces and countries, in the
interest of increasing wealth and sharing financial risks.

"When the Metropolitan Electricity Authority or the Electricity Generating
Authority have an electrical power failure," His Majesty said in his 1999
speech, "without a sufficiency economy, everything will stop, and what are we to
do? Everything that uses electricity will come to a standstill.

"In foreign countries people sometimes commit suicide when there is an
electrical power failure, but here we are used to it. We are not seriously
affected if we have a relative sufficiency economy.

"If we have a generator, we use it to generate electricity. In olden times we
would use candles. There are always ways to get along.

"There are degrees in sufficiency economy. However, to say a sufficiency economy
should be a 100-per-cent self-sufficient is not possible. There must be
exchanges and cooperation. If there is cooperation and barter, it cannot be
called self-sufficiency. Sufficiency in the royal theory means to be able to
make a reasonable living."

The King would like Thailand to adopt a sufficiency economy to prevent another
financial crisis. His theory calls for people to live within their means. In
other words, they must not spend their future income with such avidity that
they're saddled with debt beyond their ability to repay.

A sufficiency economy would give Thailand the ability to withstand any external
shock. The 1997 crisis taught us to never again rely on foreign borrowing beyond
our ability to repay debt from our earnings.

"Those who believe in sufficiency economy should practise it," His Majesty has
said. "It will keep them going, though they might live not very comfortably."

The King's sufficiency theory is not at all inconsistent with capitalism. Under
capitalism, workers use their income and returns from savings to finance their
spending. They can't spend more than their lifetime earnings, although they can
borrow in the short term.

What they don't spend becomes savings, which are used to finance investment and
capital accumulation. An economy can't accumulate capital if everyone spends all
of his income.

"This is very consistent with sufficiency economy - consumers can't live beyond
their means," a noted economist has said. "Suppose all Thais spend all their
income and have no savings. Thailand can then only fund investments by borrowing
from abroad. But they can't borrow forever. At some point, they will have to
save and pay back the debt.

"Plus, low-return investments will make an economy so feeble that it's unable to
pay its debts, as in Argentina.

"Economic growth rests on the return on capital, not the volume of borrowing,"
the economist said. "Japan hasn't had to borrow overseas because its citizens
save a lot. Japan's savings were channelled to productive sectors of the economy
from the 1950s to the 1970s. The people who bought their goods were foreigners,
so the Japanese accumulated capital through export revenue.

"Capital that contributes to economic growth is quite broad. It covers physical
investment - factories, electricity plants, land, water, schools, libraries,
transport infrastructure, natural resources like forests and fisheries - and
human capital. It is not about money.

"But the voodoo economists advocate borrowing and opening financial markets.
They are not talking about productive capital accumulation. They are just
addicted to borrowing."

Thanong Khanthong

The Nation

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            November 5, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

HOW MUCH DO NATIONAL TRENDS AFFECT OUR LOCAL ECONOMY

SECTION: BUSINESS; ECONOMIC SNAPSHOT; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 338 words


By several measures, the Dane County economy is healthy and growing. Over the
past decade, Dane County added 53,000 jobs. The unemployment rate hovers around
3 percent. Retail sales per capita rank third in the state, behind only Door
County and Sauk County (which includes part of the Wisconsin Dells area).
Per-capita income ranks 32nd out of the 362 metropolitan areas in the United
States. In 2005, almost $800 million in net retail sales flowed into the county.
Today, there are more jobs in Dane County than residents of the county to fill
them.

What is driving the Dane County economy? Are businesses in the county simply
benefiting from a booming national or state economy, or is the growth due to
local economic conditions? Shift Share Analysis provides a mechanism to allocate
growth or decline in local employment to three factors:

Growth or decline due to the national economy.

Change in employment resulting from the mix of industries in the local economy.

Changes in employment due to the strengths and weaknesses of local industries.

Shift Share Analysis reveals that if the Dane County economy simply mirrored
that national economy between 1995 and 2005, employment would have increased by
approximately 33,294 jobs. The actual increase was 54,615. Therefore, the
strength of the local economy provided an additional 21,321 more jobs than would
be expected if the Dane County economy reflected the U.S. economy.

For more information about Shift Share Analysis, go to
http://cecd.aers.psu.edu/pubs/Tool%204.pdf

To easily calculate Shift Share for specific industries for any county in the
U.S. go to: http://www.georgiastats.uga.edu/sshare1.html

Part 1 of this month's series on Dane County's economy

Next week: Share and industry sectors

Economic Snapshot is a weekly feature provided by the Center for Community and
Economic Development, University of Wisconsin-Extension.

QUESTIONS: Contact Professor Bill Pinkovitz, Center for Community and Economic
Development, University of Wisconsin-Extension at bill.pinkovitz@uwex.edu.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: National job growth vs. local, 1995-2005 33,294 new jobs (if Dane
County mirrored national growth) 54,615 (Dane County's actual job growth)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

World economy 'in best shape in half a century';
Forbes chief says risks such as the nuclear issue are bigger concerns than US'
trade gap, slowing growth

BYLINE: Bryan Lee

LENGTH: 541  words


THE global economy is in its best shape in 50 years and little, apart from
political risks, appears likely to stop its onward march.

Speaking at a Singapore conference yesterday, influential billionaire Steve
Forbes singled out potential threats such as rising trade protectionist
sentiment in the United States and possible action against Iran's nuclear
programme.

Mr Forbes, editor-in-chief of business magazine Forbes and a one-time US
presidential hopeful, said these are greater concerns than US economic growth
and its large trade deficit.

The US economy, in fact, should grow between 3 per cent and 3.5 per cent this
year, which is 'not bad', he told 400 top businessmen at the opening session of
the two-day Forbes Global CEO conference.

'The global economy hasn't been this strong since the 1950s and early 1960s.

'In the past five years, despite considerable turmoil in the world, the global
economy has expanded by an astonishing 25 per cent,' he said.

'There's no reason, other than an utter disaster, why the global economy can't
continue to grow... The trend lines are profoundly positive.'

Despite this robust record, cautious optimism has been a recurring theme among
investors and analysts, even in Asia where economic growth has generally
outpaced the rest of the world.

Slowing US economic growth in the second half of this year has been a key
concern in the region, where many economies depend heavily on exports to the US.

The gaping trade deficit in the world's biggest economy also continues to hang
over world economic stability.

'The most overrated number in the world is trade surpluses or trade deficits. It
is just one of many numbers about an economy's health,' said Mr Forbes.

He said the US economy has been in a trade deficit for 350 out of the past 400
years and 'look at what all that economic sinning has done'.

He also dismissed the notion that the US economy was 'on a precipice'.

Overall, the world's largest economy is in very good shape, he said, with
consumer and corporate balance sheets and spending still strong.

A more immediate threat to the world economy is Iran's controversial nuclear
programme. A decision by the US and its allies to disrupt or destroy the Middle
Eastern country's nuclear assets may come within the next few months, he said.

'Be prepared for short-term turbulence. But don't underestimate the fundamental
strengths of the global economy... They will come to the fore again.'

Another threat to the world economy are trade barriers, said Mr Forbes.

He expects the Democrats to gain ground in the upcoming mid-term US elections on
the Republicans, who currently control Congress and the White House.

This could result in trade-blocking measures to protect US workers from losing
their jobs to cheaper countries such as India and China.

Still, technology will help reduce these barriers 'even if the politicians do
not give permission'.

Finally, he said inflation will continue to be a destabilising force as seen in
spiralling commodity prices, including oil.

This means that more interest rate hikes are probably in store, though that
alone may not be enough.

'In the late 1970s and early 1980s, interest rates were at 15 per cent to 20 per
cent but we still had rip-roaring inflation.'

bryanlee@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                             April 14, 2002 Sunday

Editorial;
New ties in Asia needed

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 565 words


The fast-growing economies of East Asia are steadily undergoing such major
changes that officials in some of these countries are likely to be whispering,
"Japan's protracted economic slowdown is becoming a stone around our neck," or
"Japan is no longer a model economy for us."

According to a report released by the Asian Development Bank, the economic
growth rates for Asian countries--except for such major economies as Japan--have
been revised upward to an average of 4.8 percent for this year.

The biggest factor for the upward revision is the faster-than-expected recovery
of the U.S. economy.

Yet the brisk U.S. economy is not the sole factor. The bank also pointed out the
major advance made by the economy of China with its vast market, a contribution
we should not overlook.

The problem is that the Japanese economy, which should have been a driving force
for the regional economy, remains sluggish, and is likely to hold back other
Asian economies.

These economies, especially the member countries of the Association of Southeast
Asian Nations, which have built up strong economic ties with Japan, have grown
frustrated with the faltering Japanese economy. This is only natural.

Era of Japan-led growth over

The transformation of other East Asian economies also shows that the period of
Japan-led economic growth, with other economies following as if in a flight of
wild geese, has already passed.

Nonetheless, the Japanese economy alone still accounts for 60 percent of the
regional economy. Japan needs to be fully aware of its own economic
responsibilities in the region.

Without this awareness, Southeast Asian nations will become further frustrated
with Japan. Even Japan's past achievements in its economic diplomacy may
eventually disappear. The country cannot be inefficient or lag behind in this
age of intensifying world competition.

Considering the current situation, we can now understand why Prime Minister
Junichiro Koizumi unveiled Japan's new policy initiative in January, a plan to
build an Asian community based upon a comprehensive economic partnership treaty
between Japan and ASEAN.

The prime minister again stressed the necessity for cooperation among regional
economies at the Boao Forum for Asia on China's Hinan Island.

Koizumi must act

His policy vision is great. But this alone cannot satisfy us. He must take more
active steps toward realization of his vision. Koizumi's signing of a free-trade
agreement with Singapore is one step toward regional cooperation, but it is
still unclear whether Japan's new initiative will succeed.

Unlike Japan, China has already agreed with ASEAN members to sign free-trade
treaties within 10 years. China has also started to discuss details with the
regional organization and is steadily moving toward signing the treaties.

However, it should be noted that ASEAN diplomacy emphasizes a balance of power.
The member nations are interested in China as a big potential market, but at the
same time, are afraid of its overwhelming influence.

Tokyo must understand this properly and respond to their expectations of Japan.
It will be a reassuring message for them if Japan carries out the plan to build
a more inclusive Asian community with ASEAN clearly defined as its core.

Koizumi is strongly urged to take strategic actions to this end.

(From April 14 Yomiuri Shimbun)

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              427 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    September 6, 2001 Thursday Final Edition

Fears of global recession rising; Sluggish U.S. economy sinks world growth

SOURCE: Chicago

BYLINE: Earl Johnson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 1039 words


BridgeNews

Slackening growth in the dominant American economy is seriously dampening growth
prospects throughout the world economy.

A synchronized slowdown in the world's three largest economies is especially
disturbing and renders the international economy vulnerable to a protracted
period of sluggish growth. Unfortunately, aggressive easing by the Federal
Reserve has not been matched by monetary authorities in Europe or Japan.

The $10-trillion US economy, which accounts for 25 per cent of global output,
experienced virtually stagnant growth in the second quarter, which explains why
world growth is decelerating rapidly. The current global economic slowdown is
being aggravated by recessionary conditions in Japan and Germany, the world's
second and third largest economies.

Last month, The Economist magazine discussed fears for a "global recession." A
recession is normally defined as two consecutive quarters of declining GDP.
Although industrial output is slumping dramatically in economies around the
globe, average growth in the world economy is unlikely to slip below 2 per cent.

The global economy hasn't experienced negative growth since the 1930s. But
growth dipped below 2 per cent in 1975, 1982 and 1991, and these periods of
sluggish growth are normally labeled as global recessions.

Economist researchers argue that recessionary conditions should be defined as
periods of sluggish growth, perhaps 2.0 points below the potential growth rate
of the global economy. Because the growth potential of the world economy is
generally estimated to be 3.5 to 4.0%, The Economist thinks it is appropriate to
label sub-2 per cent growth as a global recession.

A more recent issue of The Economist carried a pessimistic cover story entitled
"2001 things to do in a recession," which suggests the world economy probably
has entered a recession and expresses concern that global economic conditions
are likely to get worse before they get better. The magazine predicts we are
probably experiencing the "worst slowdown for a quarter of a century."

More than a dozen global economies have experienced at least one quarter of
negative growth during the current global economic slowdown, and researchers at
The Economist think world output probably declined in the second quarter for the
first time in two decades.

Many export-oriented Asian economies have slipped into recessionary conditions,
and many Latin American countries are experiencing stagnant growth. Economic
growth is slowing rapidly throughout Europe and recessionary conditions in Japan
are intensifying.

The Economist thinks there are three major factors that differentiate the
current global economic slump from previous downturns in the world economy
during the past half century. The first factor is the widespread nature of the
current global slowdown, which reflects the extreme integration of global trade
and investment because of the globalization of production and finance.

The second, positive difference is that unlike previous global slumps inflation
remains low in the major industrial countries, which provides considerable scope
for monetary stimulus.

The third major factor unique to the prevailing slump is that slackening growth
reflects the deflating of a business investment boom rather than insufficient
consumer demand. Such an investment-led recession may prove to be relatively
immune to traditional monetary stimulus because lower interest rate levels are
irrelevant to companies struggling to cope with excessive inventories and
industrial capacity.

Economists at the International Monetary Fund are not quite as pessimistic about
global growth as The Economist, but at month-end in the latest World Economic
Outlook they will warn about the dangers of a global recession similar to
economic slowdowns experienced during the 1980s and early 1990s.

IMF economists will revise downward their earlier 2001 GDP growth forecasts for
the world economy to 2.8 per cent from 3.2 per cent. But they admit they are
concerned about the possibility of "a much deeper and more protracted global
downturn." Projected growth for 2002 also will be revised down to 3.0% from
3.9%.

Stanley Fischer, deputy managing director of the IMF, thinks the world economy
might narrowly avert a recession this year, but he admits that the disappointing
growth performances of Japan and the U.S. are exerting a depressing influence on
emerging market economies.

Recently revised 2001 growth forecasts prepared by the IMF call for 1.5% GDP
growth in the U.S. Germany is expected to register even weaker growth of 1.25%
while output in Japan will contract 0.2%.

Given the dominant role the American economy plays in global economic activity
and finance, it is not surprising that a slowdown in U.S. economic growth to
1.0% from 4.0% prompted a sharp slowdown in global economic activity.

This is the first time in several decades that the three largest economies in
the world have experienced simultaneous economic slowdowns, which obviously
renders the global economy vulnerable to serious downside risks.

Last week, in a New York Times article, noted economist Paul Krugman said the
Fed under the leadership of Alan Greenspan was the only institution that could
avoid a global recession and he questioned whether the Fed would succeed. It is
hoped Krugman is overly pessimistic about the ability of U.S. monetary policy to
promote faster U.S. growth and forestall a global recession, but he is correct
that neither European or Japanese officials have been able to formulate
effective reflationary policies.

The IMF is correct that the world economy is vulnerable to a protracted period
of sub-par growth, especially if global economies experience any external
shocks, such as an Argentine debt default.

Escalating military tensions between Israeli and Palestinian forces threaten to
foster a disastrous spike in oil prices that could trigger a downward spiral in
global economic activity. The odds of such a scenario are rising, but it seems
more likely that U.S. economic activity will stage a modest rebound in the
fourth quarter that will support a similar bounce in global economic activity
early in 2002.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Suzanne Plunkett, the Associated Press; A trader on the floor of
the New York Stock Exchange eyes the falling market numbers as the fall of the
previously robust U.S. economy continues to drag down the economy. The losses
have pulled down both the Dow-Jones industrial index and the tech-oriented
Nasdaq market. For months, rallies in the Dow are followed by several sessions
of losses.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              428 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 27, 1997 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Fly further with foreign schemes;
Travel Perks

BYLINE: Debra Cleveland

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 683 words


If you're about to book a flight on an overseas airline, on whose frequent flyer
scheme are you going to travel? If your end destination is Frankfurt, for
example, and you're flying Lufthansa you'll have a choice of joining Ansett's
Global Rewards or Lufthansa's Miles and More program.

You may be better off joining the Lufthansa scheme even though Ansett is the
Australian carrier. This may also apply to other international airlines that
have Australian ties.

Earlier this year (October 25-26), Smart Money ran an article on joining the
Qantas and Ansett programs when flying overseas on one of their international
partner airlines.

Ansett's partners include Air New Zealand, All Nippon Airways, Singapore
Airlines, Cathay Pacific, Lufthansa, South African Airways, Malaysia Airways,
United and Thai.

Qantas's partners include Air Pacific, BA, American Airlines, SAS, Canadian and
US Airways.

However, a reader later pointed out that travellers may earn better rewards by
joining an overseas loyalty program. For example, he flies to South Africa on
South African Airways (SAA) and, rather than joining Ansett's Global Rewards, he
prefers to join SAA's Voyager scheme.

Were he to join the Ansett scheme, membership would cost him $50. Joining the
SAA scheme is free.

Further, on the Ansett scheme by flying economy return Sydney- Johannesburg-Cape
Town on SAA he would earn a free return flight Sydney-Melbourne/Brisbane. But by
doing the same flight but belonging to Voyager, his reward is a free return
flight anywhere in Australia.

Ansett's scheme works on points per kilometre flown - 15,400 for discount
economy Sydney-Johannesburg return, another 1,700 for Johannesburg-Cape Town
return. SAA's Voyager program works on miles - 14,390 for Sydney-Johannesburg
return, another 1,578 for the return Cape Town leg. But the latter offers more
free travel in Australia.

On Ansett's Global Rewards, 9,000 points will earn you a return economy flight
Sydney-Canberra; 17,000 a return economy flight Sydney to Brisbane or Melbourne;
25,000 points economy return Sydney-Adelaide; 30,000 economy return anywhere in
Australia.

On Voyager, 15,000 miles will earn you a return economy flight anywhere in
Australia; 20,000 miles economy return Sydney-Auckland.

Sydney is used as the geographical basis for ease of comparison. So is economy
travel - business- and first-class flights obviously yield many more rewards.
Also, Ansett's Global Rewards and Qantas's Frequent Flyer schemes differentiate
between discounted economy tickets and full-fare economy tickets whereas the
loyalty programs of some international carriers do not.

Flying business class with Lufthansa is a good way to rack up points on the
German carrier's Miles And More loyalty scheme. On business class it doubles the
points earned (compared with economy), and triples them for first-class travel.

Flying Lufthansa on the Ansett Global Rewards scheme yields 1.25 points per
kilometre flown (1 for economy) and 1.5 for first class.

Flying Sydney to Frankfurt return would earn a Miles And More member 20,000
points (economy), 40,000 (business) or 60,000 (first). The same flight on Global
Rewards would earn 20,000 points (economy), 25,000 (business) or 30,000 (first).

Lufthansa membership is free; 25,000 points earns an economy return flight
anywhere in Australia.

A BA economy return flight Sydney-London would earn an Executive Club member
15,700 points (discounted economy). The same flight would earn the traveller who
joined the Qantas Frequent Flyer program 23,842 points (discounted economy).

In terms of rewards, the Executive Club member would need 10,500 points to claim
a free Sydney to Melbourne or Brisbane economy flight on Qantas. The Qantas
Frequent Flyer member would need 17,000 points for the same free flight - so
here it's harder to make a distinction on free flights alone. Membership of each
airline's loyalty program is $50.

If free flights in Australia are what you're after, it's important to be aware
that differences do exist between different loyalty programs. So check them out
when next you book an international ticket.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Travellers can sometimes earn more free flights in Australia by
joining an international carrier's loyalty program, like South African Airways'.
Picture Greg Newington

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1997 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 19, 2012 Friday
                                 First Edition

The cheap but not-so-nasty way to fly;
Executive Style

BYLINE: DAVID FLYNN - David Flynn is a business travel expert and the editor of
Australian Business Traveller.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 513 words


IT'S sad but true: business travel doesn't always mean business class. A growing
number of work trips have been booked in economy in the past decade, even on
long-haul flights to the US and - gulp - Britain.

With many companies cutting costs in a tightening economy, the pointy end of the
plane is often reserved for the most senior staff.

That scenario used to mean that everybody else flew down the back of the bus. In
a lot of cases it still does: not every business traveller has the luxury of
choosing how their travel is booked.

Fortunately, it's no longer an either/or scenario, due to the growth of premium
economy as an in-between class.

The bean counters love it because premium economy is markedly cheaper than
business class, even though it's also quite a jump from economy.

The managers tolerate it because it's better than telling your staff that the
company doesn't value them enough to send them in anything but the lowest class
available.

As for us business travellers? A wider and more comfortable seat that delivers
extra legroom and especially knee room - which treats us like people instead of
caged battery hens - has got to be a good thing.

Most premium-economy seats have 96 centimetres of pitch against the tighter 81
to 84 centimetres of economy, along with a deeper recline.

The better quality of in-flight food compared to economy is a bonus, as are
priority check-in and additional luggage if you don't already enjoy those
through your status with the airline's frequent-flyer scheme.

"All of these extras help to either streamline or enhance the travel experience,
which is what a lot of frequent corporate flyers are looking for," says James
Kavanagh, general manager with corporate-travel specialist FCm Travel Solutions.
"According to our research, the movement between cabin classes for international
flights is most prevalent for the premium-economy cabin, with almost 7 per cent
more tickets issued in 2012 compared to 2011, and 6.9 per cent up on 2010."

The increased sales of premium-economy tickets to corporate clients "is likely
to reflect corporate customers buying up from economy class rather than
downgrading from business class".

Australian business travellers are in the fortunate position of having two of
the world's best premium-economy seats to choose from.

Qantas set the standard with an award-winning seat designed by Marc Newson and
built by Recaro. It's available on all Airbus A380s and upgraded Boeing 747s.

Cathay Pacific launched premium economy earlier this year. It's available on
most CX flights from Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth, and will
be fitted to all of Cathay's Australian-bound aircraft by March.

British Airways offers its World Traveller Plus premium-economy seats on the
daily Sydney-Singapore-London service, with Virgin Australia covering the
Sydney-Hong Kong-London alternative.

It pays to keep an eye open for premium-economy sales. They spring up far less
often than economy, but airlines remain keen to boost the profile of premium
economy as well as its higher yield compared to the cheap seats.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Stretch out: Qantas' award-winning premium economy seats were
designed by Marc Newson.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            October 19, 2012 Friday
                                 First Edition

The cheap but not-so-nasty way to fly;
Executive Style

BYLINE: DAVID FLYNN - David Flynn is a business travel expert and the editor of
Australian Business Traveller.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 513 words


It's sad but true: business travel doesn't always mean business class. A growing
number of work trips have been booked in economy in the past decade, even on
long-haul flights to the US and - gulp - Britain.

With many companies cutting costs in a tightening economy, the pointy end of the
plane is often reserved for the most senior staff.

That scenario used to mean that everybody else flew down the back of the bus. In
a lot of cases it still does: not every business traveller has the luxury of
choosing how their travel is booked.

Fortunately, it's no longer an either/or scenario, due to the growth of premium
economy as an in-between class.

The bean counters love it because premium economy is markedly cheaper than
business class, even though it's also quite a jump from economy.

The managers tolerate it because it's better than telling your staff that the
company doesn't value them enough to send them in anything but the lowest class
available.

As for us business travellers? A wider and more comfortable seat that delivers
extra legroom and especially knee room - which treats us like people instead of
caged battery hens - has got to be a good thing.

Most premium-economy seats have 96 centimetres of pitch against the tighter 81
to 84 centimetres of economy, along with a deeper recline.

The better quality of in-flight food compared to economy is a bonus, as are
priority check-in and additional luggage if you don't already enjoy those
through your status with the airline's frequent-flyer scheme.

"All of these extras help to either streamline or enhance the travel experience,
which is what a lot of frequent corporate flyers are looking for," says James
Kavanagh, general manager with corporate-travel specialist FCm Travel Solutions.
"According to our research, the movement between cabin classes for international
flights is most prevalent for the premium-economy cabin, with almost 7 per cent
more tickets issued in 2012 compared to 2011, and 6.9 per cent up on 2010."

The increased sales of premium-economy tickets to corporate clients "is likely
to reflect corporate customers buying up from economy class rather than
downgrading from business class".

Australian business travellers are in the fortunate position of having two of
the world's best premium-economy seats to choose from.

Qantas set the standard with an award-winning seat designed by Marc Newson and
built by Recaro. It's available on all Airbus A380s and upgraded Boeing 747s.

Cathay Pacific launched premium economy earlier this year. It's available on
most CX flights from Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth, and will
be fitted to all of Cathay's Australian-bound aircraft by March.

British Airways offers its World Traveller Plus premium-economy seats on the
daily Sydney-Singapore-London service, with Virgin Australia covering the
Sydney-Hong Kong-London alternative.

It pays to keep an eye open for premium-economy sales. They spring up far less
often than economy, but airlines remain keen to boost the profile of premium
economy as well as its higher yield compared to the cheap seats.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Stretch out: Qantas' award-winning premium economy seats were
designed by Marc Newson.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 1, 1995, Friday, METRO EDITION

Economy shifts gears Third-quarter surge in exports pulls business out of
downturn

BYLINE: By Tony Van Alphen Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 407 words


   Canada Has averted a recession, thanks to Uncle Sam.

The economy grew at an annual rate of 2.1 per cent in the third quarter because
of strong exports to the U.S., Statistics Canada reported yesterday.

The improvement came after the economy shrank in the second quarter, raising
fears of a recession, but some analysts say the uptick is only temporary because
the U.S. economy is weakening.

"We don't think we've dodged a recession," said Paul Summerville, chief
economist for Richardson Greenshields.

"First of all, most Canadians believe, and rightly so, that we never came out of
the last recession in 1992 and secondly, the U.S. economy will slow in 1996 and
we'll be in a recession."

Other economists, including Carlos Leitao of the Royal Bank and Tim O'Neill of
the Bank of Montreal, say the U.S. economy will not weaken significantly next
year, which should keep Canada from tipping into a recession.

"It (the U.S. economy) might not be quite as strong but we should be okay here,"
Leitao said.

O'Neill said the gross domestic product should improve next year because the U.S
economy will remain strong enough to fuel Canada's exports. Lower interest rates
should also boost the domestic economy, he added.

The economy declined 0.6 per cent in the second quarter, raising some concern
that the economy was in trouble. The technical definition for a recession is two
consecutive quarters where the economy shrinks.

StatsCan said U.S.-bound exports climbed 2.4 per cent during the summer. Office
machines and equipment accounted for 60 per cent of the gain.

"Aside from rising exports, the economy remained quite weak," the agency noted.

Manufacturing exports have been driving Canada for the last two years while the
domestic economy remains weak. The third-quarter figures showed a continuation
of that trend.

Business investment in plant and equipment, residential construction and
government spending all declined, StatsCan said.

Domestic spending improved but analysts noted it mainly came out of savings.

Summerville said the rise of 2.4 per cent in consumer spending on an annual
basis is not sustainable in view of a fall in real disposable income and the
continuing "meltdown" in Canada's savings rates.

Leitao agreed weakness in the domestic economy remains a problem.

Growth will also depend on how Canada handles steep spending cuts in Ontario,
the country's economic engine.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR CHART: Modest growth in economy. (SOURCE: Statistics
Canada)Canada; economy; Statistics; Canada; report

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              432 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 13, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Washington Memo;
It's Still the Economy, but It's Not Helping Clinton

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 13;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 10


The good news for Bill Clinton is that the economy, the issue that defined his
Presidential campaign, is bouncing back. The bad news is that it is not doing
him much good.

While Americans give the President reasonably good marks for his handling of
pocketbook issues, and increasingly believe that the national economy is
improving, there has been no corresponding increase in their enthusiasm for Mr.
Clinton himself.

"Clinton is not getting the mileage and bounce out of the basic state of the
economy," said Fred Greenstein, an authority on the Presidency at Princeton
University. "And the fact that he's not getting credit reduces his political
clout."

Throughout most of his Presidency, Mr. Clinton's approval ratings in opinion
polls have stagnated, at about 50 percent or less, even though the proportion of
people who rate the national economy as performing relatively well has risen
substantially, to roughly 50 percent from about 30 percent in early 1993.

The inability of Mr. Clinton to ride the economy's coattails is confounding his
political advisers. Even if the economy grows stronger in the coming months, the
advisers fear that Democrats who face re-election in November may not benefit as
they should -- and Mr. Clinton may not be in a position to help them.

But their trepidation is more about 1996. If the economy is soaring, or even
coasting comfortably, in the spring and summer of 1996, Mr. Clinton wants to
reap the rewards, as have past Presidents. Many experts on President Richard M.
Nixon contend, for example, that despite his momentous trip to China and other
accomplishments, a turnabout in the economy did as much to assure his
re-election in 1972. In 1984, President Ronald Reagan also benefited from a
sharp recovery.

Though it is still early, some Presidential advisers worry that Mr. Clinton's
failure to gain popularity in recent months may be a sign that he would need an
even healthier economy than past Presidents if he is to be re-elected.

A Curse of Incumbency

As evidence of their nervousness, White House aides are already seeking advice
from academics on the "political business cycle" -- theories that there is a
close connection between the economy and electoral prospects.

In his new book, "The Agenda" (Simon & Schuster), Bob Woodward depicts a White
House that is obsessed with the ups and downs in the bond market. The
President's senior adviser, George Stephanopoulos, found himself with the
unexpected duties of tracking the bond market "like some Wall Street wizard,"
according to the book.

But for all their concerns that Mr. Clinton is not getting the proper credit,
his advisers neglect one curse of incumbency: bad times damage the President and
his party more than good times help them.

Were the economy in a slump, the President would surely be in far worse
political shape than he is today.

"If this was a bad economy, I think we'd see Clinton's popularity ratings in the
30's," said Allan J. Lichtman, a professor of history at the American
University. "Should the economy turn downward, the President would have far
greater difficulty than he's experiencing at the present time."

Mr. Clinton and his advisers know only too well the power of the economy as a
political issue. They exploited it relentlessly to defeat President George Bush
in 1992, and they view it as a ticket to re-election.

But the strong economy has, in effect, given the public time to worry more about
other issues, like crime.

Asked to explain why the economic news has not helped Mr. Clinton more, David
Wilhelm, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee, shakes his head and
offers one word: "Whitewater." He said that inquiry into the Clintons'
real-estate investments and other problems -- while not in themselves major
public concerns -- have distracted attention from Mr. Clinton's accomplishments.

His counterpart in the Republican Party, Haley Barbour, puts forth another
theory. People, he said, "don't think the economy is improving because of what
Clinton's done but despite what Clinton's done."

Both men are right -- to a point. The emergence of voter concerns about Mr.
Clinton's character and his floundering in foreign policy make it even more
difficult for the Administration to focus attention on positive economic news.

And some analysts do argue that people are so uncomfortable with Mr. Clinton
that they are hesitant to attribute any economic successes to him. For a
President who drew only 43 percent of the popular vote, this could be lethal.

Moreover, many Americans remain untouched by the overall economic improvements.
Higher productivity statistics, for instance, have not translated into higher
wages for everyone.

A nationwide poll by the Gallup organization for CNN and USA Today, conducted
May 20-22, found that 56 percent of Americans believed that Mr. Clinton's
economic policies were not having much effect on the economy, 16 percent said
they were hurting the economy, and 24 percent said they were helping the
economy. The survey of 1,005 adults nationwide had a margin of error of plus or
minus three percentage points.

"Typically, this kind of brightening economy would have had more of an impact on
the average American than it has had so far," said Mr. Lichtman, who has
examined the links between Presidents and the economy. "The fact that Clinton is
not getting as popular as you might expect a President to be in his kind of
economy is due to his other problems -- and to the fact that people are still
cautious about the economy."

Paul Begala, a Clinton political adviser, said: "There is something deeply
ironic about Clintonomics that I don't think anyone has noticed. The benefits
from Reaganomics flowed directly from the Government. The benefits of
Clintonomics flow from the private sector. I refinanced my house, but I didn't
go to a Government agency to do that."

Missing from the debate is the notion advanced by some economists that as
Presidents come and go, they often find that controlling the economy is beyond
their reach.

In what has been their refrain for months, Mr. Begala and other Presidential
advisers said that Mr. Clinton and the Democrats needed to communicate the
economic gains better, particularly before this year's midterm elections.

"Here we've got three million new jobs, we've cut the deficit, but I don't think
we talk about it enough," Mr. Wilhelm said. "If we can't go out and make the
case, well, shame on us."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              433 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 16, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Economic Scene;
Stimulating Global Growth

BYLINE: By Leonard Silk

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 890 words


DESPITE the disintegrative political forces, ranging from terrorism to the
dangers of conventional or nuclear war, the more closely integrated world
economy is forcing a re-examination of the bases of national economic policies.

Peter F. Drucker, professor of social science and management at the Claremont
Graduate School in California, argues that the world economy is not
''changing,'' but rather that it has already changed in its foundations and
structure. Writing in the spring issue of Foreign Affairs, Mr. Drucker stresses
three critical changes of the last decade.

First, he says, ''The primary-products economy has come 'uncoupled' from the
industrial economy.'' Developing countries once could count on exporting their
primary materials - farm and forest products, minerals and metals - to pay for
the capital goods of the industrially advanced countries. But the contracting
world market for primary materials, in large measure due to changing technology,
makes the old premises for economic development highly dubious. Declining world
commodity prices have jeopardized the economic development of the third world -
and can lead to political as well as economic dangers.

Second, ''In the industrial economy itself, production has come 'uncoupled' from
employment.'' Despite much talk about de-industrialization in the United States,
Mr. Drucker notes that manufacturing production has risen steadily in absolute
volume and has remained unchanged as a percentage of the total economy, holding
steady at 23 percent to 24 percent of gross national product for the last three
decades.

But the big difference is that blue-collar jobs in manufacturing are shrinking
as jobs expand in the information and knowledge industries, in small and
medium-sized entrepreneurial companies and in industries producing automation
equipment. Indeed, if a country is to hold its own in a world of intensified
industrial competition, it must substitute machines and knowledge for
high-priced labor. But that need not mean mass unemployment; greater
unemployment would result from a failure to grow in world markets. Efforts to
protect the home market are far more likely to cost jobs.

In the third change, he says: ''Capital movements rather than trade (in both
goods and services) have become the driving force of the world economy. The two
have not quite come uncoupled, but the link between them has become loose and,
worse, unpredictable.'' An exhilaration of financial markets has taken place
while the ''real'' economy drags along. This third major change, Mr. Drucker
says, represents the emergence of the ''symbol'' economy - capital movements,
exchange rates and credit flows - as the flywheel of the world economy, in place
of the ''real'' economy, or the flow of goods and services. The two economies
are operating increasingly independent of each other. He calls this ''the most
visible and the least understood of the changes.''

What do these changes in the world economy imply for economic policy? The
greatest change appears to be that the unit for policy thinking needs to become
the world rather than the national economy, although this obviously flies in the
face of domestic political pressures and traditions.

Does it require a new economy theory? Mr. Drucker contends that prevailing
economic theory, whether Keynesian, monetarist or supply-side, has considered
the national economy the focus of ''macroeconomic'' analysis and policy. But he
maintains that the two major subscribers to this doctrine, Britain and the
United States, have done least well economically in the last 30 years, while
West Germany and Japan, whose governments never accepted it, have done best.

However, they may have done best by disregarding the interests of other
countries or those of the community as a whole.

Mr. Drucker stresses that those businesses that have been most successful - such
as Toyota and Nissan in Japan, Mercedes and BMW in West Germany and the
International Business Machines Corporation and Citibank in the United States,
as well as a host of medium-sized specialists - have based their plans on
exploiting the changes in the world economy. But national economic policies and
business programs for coping with the changed world economy may involve somewhat
different issues. A business aims fundamentally at increasing profits, while a
government is compelled by political pressures to worry about real output and
jobs. In effect, a business lives in the symbolic economy and a government in
the real economy.

If each government cannot solve its production and employment problems by
macroeconomic policies aimed at increasing demand, lest it inflate and its
industries lose ground in world markets, it must seek to join with others to
promote international economic growth.

The Tokyo economic summit conference earlier this month marked a major effort by
the United States to advance that doctrine for the ''real'' international
economy. At the same time, it urged joint efforts to bring greater stability to
the ''symbolic'' economy of exchange rates and capital flows. The other major
industrial countries are showing signs that they have got the message: that
international cooperation for stability and growth is more in their own
fundamental self-interest than the current versions of beggar-my-neighborism.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              434 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

Key Findings of Digital Islamic Economy Report 2015

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 854  words


Dubai Silicon Oasis Authority (DSOA) and Thomson Reuters, with support from the
Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre (DIEDC) released the 'Digital Islamic
Economy Report' for 2015, in collaboration with DinarStandard.

Muslim consumers contributed US$107 billion to global digital economy of nearly
US$2 trillion, and their spending will grow faster than the rest of the digital
economy by 2020

Results released to support Global Islamic Economy Summit 2015 focusing on
Digital Islamic Consumer Services

Launched at a press briefing hosted at the Dubai Technology Entrepreneurship
Centre (DTEC), DSOA's wholly-owned entrepreneurship centre and the largest of
its kind in the region, the report serves as a precursor to the second edition
of the Global Islamic Economy Summit (GIES) that will be held under the
patronage of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President
and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and Ruler of Dubai, from October
5 - 6 at Madinat Jumeirah, Dubai, UAE.

Among its key findings, the report estimates that the overall value contributed
by Muslim consumers worldwide to the global digital economy in 2014 stood at
US$107 billion, representing 5.8% of the total global digital economy. Moreover,
the growth in total value of Muslim consumers' contribution to the global
digital economy (at a CAGR of 17% by 2020) is expected to outweigh the growth of
the total global digital economy (at a CAGR of 15% by 2020).

The report focuses on a new and a more specialized area of Digital Islamic
Consumer Services. Currently, more than 2,000 Islamic lifestyle services are
being provided across websites and mobile platforms worldwide. The most popular
categories include 'News and Insights' (used by 21% of users), followed by
'Retail Sales' and 'Media and Entertainment'. Five segments within Digital
Islamic Consumer Services have emerged as the most promising Islamic segments,
namely Sharing Economy; Social Commerce; Retail e-Commerce; Food Transportation
and Logistics, and Islamic Finance Investment Products.

E-commerce within the modest fashion sector has been identified as the most
successful Islamic business model. Modanisa and SefaMerve, the top fashion
online retailers, are among the top five leading Islamic consumer websites. The
others include Muslima.com, Qiran.com and IslamicOnlineUniversity.com.

Interestingly, the findings indicate that social media services customized for
Muslims have proven less successful as business models, especially services
pertaining to 'News & Insights', which typically rely on revenue support from
online advertising. In terms of popularity and usage, the Islamic web and mobile
application 'Muslim Pro' ranks highest in terms of downloads. Productivity and
education apps, as well as apps for Halal food ratings and modest fashion also
feature prominently on the Digital Islamic Consumer Services leader board.

Commenting on the significance of the report, Dr Mohammed Alzarooni, Vice
Chairman and CEO, Dubai Silicon Oasis Authority, said: "As a leading government
entity and key player in the technology industry, the contribution of Dubai
Silicon Oasis Authority to this emerging Islamic economy sector will further
position Dubai as a hub for the development of electronic information, programs,
applications, projects, as well as a platform for e-commerce and Islamic media.
Our mandate to support 'Islamic digital' and 'Arabic content' initiatives is
already making considerable headway, given DSOA's commitment to supporting
start-ups engaged in these domains through DTEC. We are confident this report
will benefit individuals and businesses targeting the Islamic economy industry
by providing data and insights that can serve as a guideline for them to make
more informed decisions."

Nadim Najjar, Managing Director of Thomson Reuters, Middle East and North
Africa, said: "The report further reaffirms that Islamic digital economy has
indeed become an integral part of everyday life, and indicates significant
opportunity for growth in terms of business and innovation. We are confident the
insights presented by the report will help entrepreneurs and established
businesses better navigate this space."

Abdulla Mohammed Al Awar, CEO of Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre, said:
"The promise and potential of the Islamic digital economy at the global level is
well captured in the report, which offers viable solutions well beyond the
typical sectors of banking and finance. We look forward to building our
initiatives from this solid research for an enriched business environment to
strengthen Dubai's positioning as the capital of the global Islamic economy."

The 2015 Global Islamic Economy Summit (GIES), organized by the Dubai Chamber,
the Dubai Islamic Economy Development Centre, and Thomson Reuters, is set to
gather over 2,000 policymakers, thinkers and business leaders seeking to build a
roadmap capitalizing on the opportunities within the growing global Islamic
economy.

/syndigate/imgs/434/1381/32/144271950825.jpg

Key Findings of Digital Islamic Economy Report 2015

/syndigate/imgs/434/1381/86/144271951026.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2015 World of Media JLT
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 6, 2015 Monday

Iran expert dismisses sanctions' effect on economy, blames mismanagement

LENGTH: 1348 words


Text of commentary by Hadi Gholam-Hoseyni headlined: "We should cry for the
oppression of the sanctions?" published by Iranian hard-line newspaper Javan on
24 June

Officials have so thoroughly slung [blamed] everything on the neck of the
sanctions, that if the sanctions had a neck, it would surely have broken by now,
because the accusations that have been made against the sanctions during this
time give one the urge to cry wholeheartedly over the oppression and haplessness
of the sanctions.

Perhaps that remark seems a bit too base to be presented in the media,
especially on the cusp of the end of the time for Iran's nuclear negotiations
with the P5+1, but surely the sympathetic people of this country have realized
that the sanctions' share of the problems in Iran's economy have been blown out
of proportion more than expected, to the point that a person would think that
before the sanctions, Iran was the top developed economy in the world, and that
the sanctions were what deprived the country of its development score.

Lately, we have also noticed that the respectable president has linked the
people's environmental and drinking water challenges to the sanctions, and
whether deliberate or not, have given the negotiations a particular slant,
which, since all the country's domestic developments are under careful scrutiny
by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as well as the West's intelligence
apparatuses, goes against the country's general interests. Moving on, so as not
to digress from the topic, we were talking about the oppression of the sanctions
over the last few years. Even if someone is only slightly acquainted with the
structure and system of Iran' economy over the past few decades, they will
surely acknowledge that the reason for the current status of Iran' economy is
not the sanctions, nor the management factor, but rather that the economic house
is facing problems from its very foundation.

Via a glance at Iran's economic history over the last 100 years, we arrive at
the conclusion that the current problems in the economy have in the worst
sinusoidal way [as received] cast a shadow over this nation, and perhaps the
reason for the fact that the economic problems of past decades have never been
depicted as they are in the present manner is that the science of economy in its
present form had not arrived in Iran, and there were no centres to demonstrate
the state of the economy in the language of statistics, figures, indices, and
indicators. Whether we like it or not, Iran's economic problem is not the
sanctions, nor the [various] administrations; Iran's economic problem is
structural, and the bases of this improper structure have been so strengthened
over more than half a century that the administrations, or even the most
sympathetic of chiefs and officials, will not be able to reform Iran's economic
structure easily or by themselves.

Imagine that tomorrow, the Tax Organization intends to prevent tax flight by
means of the most forcible of tools, or that the Central Bank intends to freeze
accounts suspected of [involvement in] money laundering and on another note,
register and record the accounts and assets of bank debtors. At this point in
the story, the image of the uproar that would ensue in the country causes
anxiety for people; now that was just an image.

Meanwhile, over recent years, an excuse by the name of "the sanctions" was
provided, and some leaders either mistakenly or out of opportunism placed all
Iran's economic challenges on the neck of the sanctions, and claimed that the
sanctions were the number one culprit for the present conditions of the Iranian
economy, which is a major error, because even if we unintentionally or
intentionally do not view the situation correctly, no part of the truth of the
matter will change. As we know, the sanctions targeted the oil sale sector and
the Iranian economy's financial sector from [21 March 2010] onwards, but
meanwhile, Iran had and [still] has hundreds of other sectors for activities,
and if the economy's structure and system were healthy and sound, it could take
advantage of them.

The array of structural problems in Iran's economy has caused it to perform far
below its potential, and has caused the country's natural gifts -- such as oil
revenues -- and relative advantages -- such as a large, young labour force,
which, based on economic growth models, is a driving force for the economy's
development -- to transform into its Achilles' heel. These structural problems
have caused the array of economic policies, such as the government's financial
policies for guiding Iran's economy, to be ineffectual, minimally effectual, or
to have unpleasant effects. However, let us not forget that a major part of this
unfavourable situation is the result of more than a half century of previous
governments' performance, which the current government has inherited, and the
probability of nullifying it in the short or medium term is very weak.

Furthermore, let us keep in mind that in today's world, the economies of most of
the world's countries, including the largest economies of the world (America),
the world's most efficient economies (Germany and Japan), the world's oldest
economy (Italy), the world's most populous economies (China and India), and the
world's burgeoning economies (new arrivals such as Brazil and Indonesia), are
all encountering numerous and varied obstacles and plights that have wiped the
sleep from the eyes of these countries' economic leaders.

Nevertheless, in these countries, everyone (the government and other economic
entities) is going down the path suggested by economic experts, in which the
consolidation of consumer sovereignty is the top priority. Nevertheless, the
story of Iran's economy is something else. In Iran, unfortunately, because of
the not-so-pleasant history that the structure of the economy has gone through,
all paths for carrying out actions and activities stop at the government, and
once a government goes and figures out where it stands, the helm must be given
over to the next, inexperienced government, and that is the domino [fall] that
has been repeating for many long years.

The governments have taken on such an incorrect role in Iran's economy that they
always pursue the idea of controlling and regulating the market based on
unscientific -- and in many cases, unnecessary -- reasons, and in many markets,
their intervention and oversight disrupt each other, and they pay less attention
to the private sector's concerns and to experts' views when making decisions and
selecting economic policies. Under the circumstances, everyone is always looking
to the government's actions, making short-term decisions, and striving to not
pay the cost of the government's policies, and to nullify or minimize the
effects of those policies wherever they threaten their interests.

Based on economic theories (rational expectations), one of the important factors
in governments' economic policies lack of success is the lack of belief in or
acceptance of these policies on the part of the people. In order for their
desired, scientific economic policies to be accepted by all people, which is a
prerequisite for their success, governments must be realistic and cautious in
selecting these policies, and be resolved and firm in their execution, and be
patient and steadfast as they continue.

In conclusion, we must remember that the reason for the defective structure of
Iran's economy and the overgrowth of the government and of institutions which
have perhaps not had an issue to work on for years is that the economy has, in a
sense, been locked down, and is operating bellows its true capacity. Therefore,
if the sanctions are lifted tomorrow, one should not expect a miracle in the
economy because, assuming the lifting of the sanctions, after two years of fresh
activity, the economy will return to the time before the sanctions, and
therefore the problems of Iran's economy are not the sanctions; the problem
comes from the structure of Iran's economy.

Source: Javan, Tehran, in Persian 0000gmt 24 Jun 15

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       June 17, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

The Clean Economy is Now Here

LENGTH: 1017  words


June 17 -- For three days last week, at a Clean Economy Leadership Exchange in
New York, leaders from economic development and industry organizations,
companies and clean economy investors from nine (9) metro-regions around the
country officially joined forces to create a national network to promote
innovative "bottom-up" strategies to grow clean economy markets and foster
investments.



The 9 metro-regions at the round table included Austin, Boston, Cleveland,
Denver, Los Angeles, Minneapolis-St. Paul, Oklahoma City, Research Triangle (NC)
and Silicon Valley. Event participants were identified as "investment-ready
regions" that are leading their peers by aggressively pursuing intentional
strategies for advancing the clean economy. Innovation in these and other
regions can be accelerated by connecting and sharing efforts to grow the market
for regions, nationwide.

"The clean economy is not an emerging market - it is here - with growth hubs
across the country in diverse regions, including some of the most unlikely
places," said Andre Pettigrew, Executive Director of Clean Economy Solutions,
which hosted the leadership exchange in partnership with the Rockefeller
Brothers Fund. "Through our work at Clean Economy Solutions, we've recognized
that a number of U.S. metro-regions are emerging as leaders in this market,
making choices and taking actions to better position themselves to be ideal
locations for growing clean energy technology companies and industries,"
Pettigrew noted.

"Considering the new proposed national carbon emission standards for coal-fired
plants, long-term fossil fuel costs and that fact that the clean economy is now
a 1.1 trillion dollar global market, it is clearer than ever that economic
development practitioners and investors need to join together to secure the
future of this promising industry cluster," said Richard Fleming, Chairman of
St. Louis-based Community Development Ventures and Chairman of the Board of
Clean Economy Solutions.

Clean Economy Solutions will connect these regional growth hubs and help them
advance the clean economy through shared best practices and collaboration,
connecting businesses with customers and financiers (further specifics outlined
below). The clean economy includes advanced and renewable energy, as well as
efficient technologies for transportation, buildings, water, food and recycling.


"Consumers are demanding cleaner forms of energy and the smart private investor
is getting in now," said event participant Carter Bales, Chairman and Managing
Partner of private equity firm, NewWorld Capital Group.  "Around the country,
there are 'investment ready regions', as Clean Economy Solutions has identified,
that are prepared to help accelerate the success of these new companies-
investing in a skilled workforce and infrastructure, as well as connecting
organizations and supply chains support the success of clean economy businesses.
The location of clean economy companies matters to their successful growth and
development, creating an economic advantage for both the company and investor."

"Connecticut's Green Bank initiatives spurred more than $220 million of
investment in deploying energy in communities across the state. For every $1 of
ratepayer green bank funds invested, nearly $10 was invested from private
sources," highlighted Dan Esty, Professor of Environmental Law and Policy at
Yale University and former Commissioner of Energy for the State of Connecticut,
and author of the prizewinning book "Green To Gold:  How Smart Companies Use
Environmental Strategy to Innovate, Create Value, and Build Competitive
Advantage." Connecticut's Clean Energy Finance and Investment Authority (Green
Bank), demonstrates how states and regions are leveraging new 21st century
financial models to grow the clean economy.

"Metro regions across the country recognize the need for this collaborative
national network as a means to grow their advanced-energy markets both
regionally and globally," said Rebecca Bagley, President and CEO of NorTech, a
technology based economic development organization in Northeast Ohio with an
advanced energy "Hub" of over 500 companies. "Our strength in numbers can
leverage progress in clean economy investment, technology development, market
supply and demand growth, innovation and job creation, as well as help inform
public policy at both the state and national level."

Clean Economy Solutions is facilitating a national network of investment-ready
regions and will facilitate and manage the network by:

* Connecting regional clean economy leaders in aNational Network of
Investment-Ready Regions to grow regional markets and share best practices, help
gain greater visibility outside individual regions and attract more investors
and clean economy economic development to regions;

* Facilitating strategic sessions with peer thought leaders, investors and site
recruiters on advancing the national clean economy market; and

* Identifying financing solutions for clean economy projects, companies and
programs that can be created and/or activated by investment-ready regions.

"The clean economy continues to be a political football, but the fact is these
companies are growing at a robust rate - saving individuals and businesses
money, which they spend on local goods and services,  driving real economic
growth,"  said Doug Henton, Chairman and CEO of Collaborative Economics,
strategic consultants to Clean Economy Solutions. "This collaborative network
provides critical connective tissue enabling the regions to share best practices
and work together to overcome barriers."

"This is the greatest underreported, sometimes misreported story of our time.
The facts don't change.  Over time, fossil fuel prices will be volatile, but
they are only going up. Who will win? Those who are diversifying to clean
renewable energy," said Morrow Cater, President and CEO of Cater Communications,
a strategic communications company that specializes in the energy sector. "Each
region has its own assets and opportunities, and together they can accelerate
the transition to a clean energy economy."

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 23, 2012 Tuesday

Iran official says "economy of resistance" means self-reliance

LENGTH: 1234 words


Tehran Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network 5 in Persian at 1204 GMT
on 17 October 2012 carries a 36-minute edition of its weekly "Yaddasht-e Sal"
(Memorandum of the Year) economic discussion programme, whose topic this week is
"Economy of Resistance and Support for National Production." Behruz Tashakkor
hosts this week's programme, which features an in-studio interview with Daryush
Pakbin, secretary general of the Iran Central Chamber of Cooperatives. The
programme also features a telephone interview with Majles Representative Mr
Aqa-Mohammadi.

The host opens the programme with a narrative on "Economy of Resistance." He
says that the supreme leader's national slogans for the past few years have been
economically-oriented. He says that in the last 34 years Iran has been under
sanctions and states: "However, these sanctions have not led to us remaining
behind progress and nor have these types of barriers led to us not being able to
move forward." He says that Iran's growth has been "acceptable" and its
scientific growth has been the best in the world. He concludes that Iran can
accomplish its goals through the support of national production.

The host then introduces a correspondent-read report over video on the concept
of "Economy of Resistance." The correspondent says that the supreme leader has
defined the "pillars" of an "Economy of Resistance" as: "Making the economy
people-centric by implementing macroeconomic policies of Article 44 and
empowering the private sector, reducing dependence on oil, moderating
consumption, the best use of time, resources, and capabilities, and movement
based on planning, and refraining from sudden changes in laws and policies." She
also cites the supreme leader in saying that pursuing these pillars requires: 1)
"Correct implementation of Article 44 of the Constitution," which means
strengthening the people's presence in the economy. She states: "In the business
climate, combating the current sanctions and neutralizing its impacts requires
securing the country's needs internally from domestic producers;" 2) "Correcting
commerce policies." She says that in order to protect domestic production and
prevent foreign exchange from leaving the country, it is necessary to prevent
the importation of "unnecessary" commodities; 3) "Adopting appropriate monetary
and foreign exchange policies;" 4) Economic management. She says that given
Iran's current economic conditions, greater coordination between the pillars of
Iran's economy is necessary. She also says that "Economy of Resistance" means
growth based on justice, democracy, and refraining from corruption.

After the report, the host introduces Daryush Pakbin, secretary general of the
Iran Central Chamber of Cooperatives. Mr Pakbin first says that "Economy of
Resistance" is a concept that has not existed throughout the world to date, nor
can it be found in any book. In pursuing this model, he says that the people and
those active in the economy have some obligations. He also states: "One of the
government's obligations is to create the conditions and the bedrock for this
Economy of Resistance and economic progress." He says that the legislative
branch has the obligation to pass the necessary laws towards this end. He
continues that Iran requires an "intelligent" enforcement system and a judicial
system with good oversight.

On sanctions, Pakbin says that the supreme leader anticipated that the West was
going to increase their sanctions against Iran, and wanted to make the country
"self-reliant." He then stresses the importance of supporting domestic
production.

The host then welcomes Majles Representative Mr Aqa-Mohammadi to the programme,
who connects via telephone. Aqa-Mohammadi says that the writers of the 20-year
outlook document anticipated the difficulties that Iran would face and the lack
of ideal conditions. He says that the 404 Programme focused on domestic
production. Aqa-Mohammadi says that there have been "weaknesses" in the
government's efforts to create an "Economy of Resistance," but that the
strengths outweigh the weaknesses. He says that two views have emerged on the
topic. The first view is that sanctions have had a powerful impact. The second
view, which is the view of most Majles members, is that the government has had
weaknesses in planning and implementation, and that it did not have a correct
outlook on the future.

On the topic of high prices of commodities, he says that the issue is entirely
due to "improper planning." He offers the example of soya feedstock. He says
that the government was "negligent" by not procuring soya feedstock in
anticipation of the impact of sanctions. He says the result was a "price crisis"
for several days in Iran. He states: "Today's problems are not something
unpredictable." On wheat, he says that Iran was unable to absorb the wheat it
produced, despite knowing what the level of production would be, because of the
price the government set for wheat. He furthers that Iran purchases wheat from
abroad at double the domestic price.

The host introduces a report on the views of Iranians that features a
correspondent interviewing people on the street. One man says that the year's
slogan of national production means that in the face of sanctions, Iran can save
and use domestic products. Another man says that "Economy of Resistance" means
striving for self-sufficiency, which entails greater economic prosperity and not
needing other countries. The first man says that the supreme leader emphasizes "
Economy of Resistance" so that the people will support domestic products during
the current crisis. A woman says that the supreme leader emphasizes "Economy of
Resistance" so that "we can be independent and not dependent on foreign
countries." The second man then stresses the importance of closing off routes
for smuggling commodities into Iran. Another man says that the ideal scenario
would be for Iran to only consume domestic products.

The host turns back to Pakbin, who says that one of the main points of the
supreme leader's call for creating an "Economy of Resistance" is to use the
people's capacities. He says that the Iranian Constitution divides the economy
into the government, cooperatives, and the private sector. He continues that if,
per Article 44 of the constitution, the government transfers elements of the
government's economic facilities to the private sector without laying the proper
foundation, then the same conditions would arise that have already arisen. He
states: "If you want to transfer the government economy to the private sector,
completely, meaning we become completely privatized, there is an intermediary
economy that the supreme leader of the Revolution has been emphasizing in these
past several years, the people's economy, the cooperatives' economy, the Economy
of Resistance." He continues that when facing sanctions, cooperative companies
can more easily absorb small investments and rebuild.

The host then asks Aqa-Mohammadi for his view on the role of cooperatives. He
agrees with Pakbin that the role of the "government economy" is to support,
teach, and invest in the "private economy" and gradually place the economy in
the hands of the people. The host concludes the programme before Aqa-Mohammadi
can finish his answer to the question.

Source: Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Tehran Provincial TV, Tehran, in
Persian 1204 gmt 17 Oct 12

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

Through the looking glass, darkly

BYLINE: Dev Kar

LENGTH: 549  words


A recent GFI study estimated that the size of India's underground economy is now
at least 50% of the official economy, as measured by GDP. The growth of the
underground economy since Independence was found to be an important determinant
of the cross-border transfer of illicit capital from the country.

While the underground economy plays a significant role in the generation and
transmission of black money, there are no hard numbers on its size. That's the
nature of the animal-the estimation of illegal and unaccounted income and assets
necessarily implies that one cannot accurately estimate their magnitude. Hence,
all methods of estimation are subject to errors in measurement. Moreover, the
size of the underground economy obviously depends on the type of activities or
transactions included in the study. This means researchers cannot simply compare
estimates of the underground economy obtained through various methods to check
for consistency. For example, an estimate of the underground economy that only
includes legal work not reported for the collection of income taxes cannot be
compared to another that covers all sorts of illegal activities such as
trafficking of drugs and humans. The implications for the tax policy are
significant. If the revenue department is concerned about widening the tax base
then it would look at the former narrower definition and not the broader
underground economy where the question of payment of taxes on illegal activities
does not even arise.

The estimate of the underground economy used in the GFI study is based on the
monetary approach, which is essentially a broader estimate. This approach makes
use of the fact that the demand for high-denomination cash transactions is
significantly higher in illegal transactions, compared to legal ones. This is
because cash transactions do not leave a paper trail that can be used to trace
illegal transactions to the parties that carry them out. The higher demand for
cash transactions is then used to calculate the size of the underground economy.
Such an approach would typically cover illegal activities that are not subject
to taxation as well as legal activities that happen to fall outside the tax net
due to deficiencies in tax collection and administration. Clearly, the argument
that estimates of the underground economy are not based on "hard evidence" is a
non sequitur.

That settled, what about arguments that the underground economy in India is
actually contributing to economic growth and that it has enabled India to
cushion the impact of the global economic slowdown? A recent study by the World
Bank (Shadow economies all over the world: New estimates for 162 countries from
1999 to 2007) clearly shows that the size of the underground economy is
inversely related to the strength of overall governance-countries where the
underground economy is small relative to GDP also tend to be much better
governed. If the history of developed countries and the ongoing turmoil in North
Africa is any guide, stronger overall governance not only fosters a better
investment climate, it provides the bedrock for political and economic
stability.

The author, formerly the senior economist at IMF, is lead economist at Global
Financial Integrity at the Center for International Policy, Washington, DC

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 28, 2011 Monday

Pakistan: World economies

LENGTH: 1674  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 28 -- World economies

China

NOW that China has surpassed Japan to become the world's second-largest economy,
economists predict it's on track to replace the US as the world's biggest by
2025. China has achieved impressive growth over the past decade. The country has
averaged about 10% growth over the past several years. However, with GDP per
capita at $4,300 in 2010, China is still just below much smaller economies such
as Tunisia, Albania and Jordan. The population is still poor relative to most
developed countries. There is little doubt that China's economy will eventually
surpass the US, mostly because of its sheer size - its population is 1.3
billion, versus just 300 million in the US.

Starting in 2000, China's economy began its aggressive climb through the top ten
economies, surpassing many of the world's most advanced economies. In 2000, it
bumped Italy to become the sixth-biggest economy in the world. Five years later,
China unseated France, rising its way to be the fifth-largest economy. Then in
2006, it trumped the United Kingdom, then Germany the next year. It stayed in
third place for the next three years until 2010. It was the year when Japan's
economy - hampered by weak demand and a rapidly aging population - contracted by
0.3 per cent during the fourth quarter, marking the first time in five quarters
that its economy has ever contracted.

China's economy accelerated at the end of 2010, but kept inflation in check,
showing the world's second largest economy is still outpacing its Western
trading partners by leaps and bounds. China's GDP grew at an annual rate of 9.8
per cent during the fourth quarter of 2010, up from 9.6 per cent growth in the
prior quarter, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. That rate is
considered very rapid compared to sluggish growth in Western economies. While
China's rapid growth has sparked fears that its economy may overheat, a rate
around 10 per cent is not unusual in the country's history over the last 30
years.

Japan's massive earthquake and tsunami have sent shockwaves through China's
economy even though the total loss cannot be estimated yet. Analysts say trade
between the two countries will definitely be affected in the long run. In 2010,
Japan accounted for about eight percent of China's total exports, while China
sourced 13 per cent of its imports from Japan, which became its most important
trade partner. Analysts believe that the quake's impact on bilateral trade will
include petrochemical, electrical production, automobile, and agricultural
industries.

The Chinese government has taken measures to curb inflation. The consumer price
index, a gauge of inflation, hit 5.1 per cent last November, despite government
pledges to rein it in at just 3 percent. Now hovering around five per cent,, CPI
may seem manageable, but its food component is around 10%, with certain items
soaring even faster. Prices have been rising continuously in the past several
years. However, the current five per cent inflation rate is far below the 20 per
cent in May 1989. China's GDP grew 10.3 in 2010, above 2009's 9.2 per cent
expansion. The draft of China's 12th Five-Year Plan (2011-2015) envisages GDP to
grow by seven per cent annually on average while prices to be kept generally
stable.

Russia

SINCE the collapse of Communism and the Soviet Union in the early 1990s, Russia
has attempted to make the transition from a centrally planned economy to a
market-based economy with mixed results. Russia GDP is worth $1231 billion or
1.99 per cent of the world economy. The Russian economy is commodity-driven.
Payments from the fuel and energy sector in the form of customs duties and taxes
accounted for nearly half of the federal budget's revenues. However, during the
past decade, poverty and unemployment declined steadily and the middle class
continued to expand.

Japan might reasonably be expected to cope with last week's earthquakes
relatively calmly. But it remains unclear how damaging the quake will be for
Japan's economy - and how the knock-on effects will be felt among the Pacific
economies, including Russia's. Russia is the world's largest oil producer,
pumping out almost 9.93 million barrels a day, and is the main alternative to
the Middle East, which has been thrown into turmoil by the Arab revolutions. In
the longer term Russia does stand to benefit from the weaker role of the Middle
East and North Africa region as the source of energy supplies to Europe.

Economists estimate that every extra dollar on the oil price adds about $2
billion to the annual budget, helping Russia to tackle its burgeoning budget
deficit. The hole in the country's finances ran to 4.1 per cent of GDP last
year. The deficit had forced the government to look at expansion into other
sectors. Record high oil prices could also see a return of fears of a double dip
recession. Capital flight from Russia reached $13 billion in January and may hit
a total of $20 billion for the first two months of 2011.

The Russian Central Bank reported the net capital flight in January amounted to
up to $9 billion, as Russia received some $4 billion capital inflow. However by
the end of 2011, the balance between capital outflow and inflow in the Russian
economy would be equal to zero. In 2010, Russia's net capital flight stood at
$38.3 billion, with $22.7 billion leaving the Russian economy in the fourth
quarter alone. The speeding up of capital flight occurred despite oil price
hikes, a ruble appreciation against the dollar and high inflow of short-term
foreign investments in recent months.

The Russian economy is thought to have grown by almost four per cent in 2010,
after contracting by 7.9 during the recession in 2009. Consumer prices have also
been growing rapidly, pushing the annual inflation rate to almost nine per cent.
For 2011, the government expects prices to grow by 6.5 and the economy to expand
by about 4.2 per cent. The economic situation in 2011 will be similar to 2010 or
maybe a little bit worse. A lot will again depend on how high - or low - global
oil and gas prices are, as the Russian economy remains heavily dependent on
energy exports.

Japan

JAPAN, the world's third-largest economy after the US and China, has been
struggling to emerge from a downturn. The severity of the economic damage caused
by last week devastations will depend on how long it takes to restore normal
power, a prerequisite for rebuilding that should provide the country with some
economic lift. Experts are cautiously optimistic that the still-brittle global
economy can absorb the shock of Japan's triple disaster, but major risks still
loom as the crisis unfolds. The United States is confident that Japan will be
able to handle economic challenges in the wake of the earthquake and tsunami.

Economists appeared confident that the Japanese economy will bounce back and
damage to the global economy will be limited. As the crisis rumbles on, there
are increasing warnings about how spillovers could be felt by consumers and
economies across the globe, even without a catastrophic nuclear meltdown. The
most immediate problems are being felt in the manufacturing sector. Japan has
long ceased to be the world's factory - surpassed by China, Indonesia and a host
of other emerging countries - but it is still a crucial part of the global
supply chain for everything from cars and computer parts.

As Japan has been ravaged by an earthquake, tsunami and nuclear emergency, most
major companies have shut down all domestic production. Some high profile
Japanese manufacturers, such as Sony Corp, Toyota Motor Co and Panasonic have
shuttered production lines, with restart efforts hampered by quake aftershocks.
Electric power shortages are a huge problem. The country's eight Northern
prefectures are now subject to three hour daily black outs and power rationing,
including Tokyo. That has closed all manufacturing activity in the most
economically vital part of the country.

According to various reports, Japan's devastating earthquake and deepening
nuclear crisis could result in losses of up to $200 billion for the world's
third largest economy but the global impact remains hard to gauge week after a
massive tsunami battered the northeast coast. The disaster is expected to hit
Japanese output sharply over the coming months, but economists warned it could
result in a deeper slowdown if power shortages prove significant and prolonged.
Most analysts believe that the direct economic losses could result in a
contraction in second quarter GDP but a sharp rebound is expected in the latter
half of 2011 as reconstruction investment boosts growth.

As Japan reels in the aftermath of the most powerful earthquake in its history
and worries grow about a nuclear reactor meltdown, some economists wonder
whether the disaster will push the country closer to a sovereign debt crisis,
too. Japan's public debt will be more than twice its GDP this year, according to
the OECD estimates. Japan's public debt is twice the size of its $5.3 trillion
economy, the highest ratio of any large developed country in the world. But
unlike other high debt countries like Greece, only five percent of Japan's debt
is held by foreign investors so the risks of a funding crisis are limited.

Japan's already weak economy faces deeper damage than initially thought from the
triple blow of a devastating earthquake, tsunami and nuclear disaster, and risks
prolonging its sluggish recovery. At worst, forecasts from some economists
suggest the world's third largest economy is in danger of slipping back into
recession. GDP growth rate appears to instantly dive from +2% to -3%. As the
world's third largest economy, the country accounts for around six per cent of
global GDP that translates as about 0.2 per cent of world output. Any fall in
Japanese GDP will have a knock-on effect globall Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday

World economies

LENGTH: 1674  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 27 -- World economies

China

NOW that China has surpassed Japan to become the world's second-largest economy,
economists predict it's on track to replace the US as the world's biggest by
2025. China has achieved impressive growth over the past decade. The country has
averaged about 10% growth over the past several years. However, with GDP per
capita at $4,300 in 2010, China is still just below much smaller economies such
as Tunisia, Albania and Jordan. The population is still poor relative to most
developed countries. There is little doubt that China's economy will eventually
surpass the US, mostly because of its sheer size - its population is 1.3
billion, versus just 300 million in the US.

Starting in 2000, China's economy began its aggressive climb through the top ten
economies, surpassing many of the world's most advanced economies. In 2000, it
bumped Italy to become the sixth-biggest economy in the world. Five years later,
China unseated France, rising its way to be the fifth-largest economy. Then in
2006, it trumped the United Kingdom, then Germany the next year. It stayed in
third place for the next three years until 2010. It was the year when Japan's
economy - hampered by weak demand and a rapidly aging population - contracted by
0.3 per cent during the fourth quarter, marking the first time in five quarters
that its economy has ever contracted.

China's economy accelerated at the end of 2010, but kept inflation in check,
showing the world's second largest economy is still outpacing its Western
trading partners by leaps and bounds. China's GDP grew at an annual rate of 9.8
per cent during the fourth quarter of 2010, up from 9.6 per cent growth in the
prior quarter, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. That rate is
considered very rapid compared to sluggish growth in Western economies. While
China's rapid growth has sparked fears that its economy may overheat, a rate
around 10 per cent is not unusual in the country's history over the last 30
years.

Japan's massive earthquake and tsunami have sent shockwaves through China's
economy even though the total loss cannot be estimated yet. Analysts say trade
between the two countries will definitely be affected in the long run. In 2010,
Japan accounted for about eight percent of China's total exports, while China
sourced 13 per cent of its imports from Japan, which became its most important
trade partner. Analysts believe that the quake's impact on bilateral trade will
include petrochemical, electrical production, automobile, and agricultural
industries.

The Chinese government has taken measures to curb inflation. The consumer price
index, a gauge of inflation, hit 5.1 per cent last November, despite government
pledges to rein it in at just 3 percent. Now hovering around five per cent,, CPI
may seem manageable, but its food component is around 10%, with certain items
soaring even faster. Prices have been rising continuously in the past several
years. However, the current five per cent inflation rate is far below the 20 per
cent in May 1989. China's GDP grew 10.3 in 2010, above 2009's 9.2 per cent
expansion. The draft of China's 12th Five-Year Plan (2011-2015) envisages GDP to
grow by seven per cent annually on average while prices to be kept generally
stable.

Russia

SINCE the collapse of Communism and the Soviet Union in the early 1990s, Russia
has attempted to make the transition from a centrally planned economy to a
market-based economy with mixed results. Russia GDP is worth $1231 billion or
1.99 per cent of the world economy. The Russian economy is commodity-driven.
Payments from the fuel and energy sector in the form of customs duties and taxes
accounted for nearly half of the federal budget's revenues. However, during the
past decade, poverty and unemployment declined steadily and the middle class
continued to expand.

Japan might reasonably be expected to cope with last week's earthquakes
relatively calmly. But it remains unclear how damaging the quake will be for
Japan's economy - and how the knock-on effects will be felt among the Pacific
economies, including Russia's. Russia is the world's largest oil producer,
pumping out almost 9.93 million barrels a day, and is the main alternative to
the Middle East, which has been thrown into turmoil by the Arab revolutions. In
the longer term Russia does stand to benefit from the weaker role of the Middle
East and North Africa region as the source of energy supplies to Europe.

Economists estimate that every extra dollar on the oil price adds about $2
billion to the annual budget, helping Russia to tackle its burgeoning budget
deficit. The hole in the country's finances ran to 4.1 per cent of GDP last
year. The deficit had forced the government to look at expansion into other
sectors. Record high oil prices could also see a return of fears of a double dip
recession. Capital flight from Russia reached $13 billion in January and may hit
a total of $20 billion for the first two months of 2011.

The Russian Central Bank reported the net capital flight in January amounted to
up to $9 billion, as Russia received some $4 billion capital inflow. However by
the end of 2011, the balance between capital outflow and inflow in the Russian
economy would be equal to zero. In 2010, Russia's net capital flight stood at
$38.3 billion, with $22.7 billion leaving the Russian economy in the fourth
quarter alone. The speeding up of capital flight occurred despite oil price
hikes, a ruble appreciation against the dollar and high inflow of short-term
foreign investments in recent months.

The Russian economy is thought to have grown by almost four per cent in 2010,
after contracting by 7.9 during the recession in 2009. Consumer prices have also
been growing rapidly, pushing the annual inflation rate to almost nine per cent.
For 2011, the government expects prices to grow by 6.5 and the economy to expand
by about 4.2 per cent. The economic situation in 2011 will be similar to 2010 or
maybe a little bit worse. A lot will again depend on how high - or low - global
oil and gas prices are, as the Russian economy remains heavily dependent on
energy exports.

Japan

JAPAN, the world's third-largest economy after the US and China, has been
struggling to emerge from a downturn. The severity of the economic damage caused
by last week devastations will depend on how long it takes to restore normal
power, a prerequisite for rebuilding that should provide the country with some
economic lift. Experts are cautiously optimistic that the still-brittle global
economy can absorb the shock of Japan's triple disaster, but major risks still
loom as the crisis unfolds. The United States is confident that Japan will be
able to handle economic challenges in the wake of the earthquake and tsunami.

Economists appeared confident that the Japanese economy will bounce back and
damage to the global economy will be limited. As the crisis rumbles on, there
are increasing warnings about how spillovers could be felt by consumers and
economies across the globe, even without a catastrophic nuclear meltdown. The
most immediate problems are being felt in the manufacturing sector. Japan has
long ceased to be the world's factory - surpassed by China, Indonesia and a host
of other emerging countries - but it is still a crucial part of the global
supply chain for everything from cars and computer parts.

As Japan has been ravaged by an earthquake, tsunami and nuclear emergency, most
major companies have shut down all domestic production. Some high profile
Japanese manufacturers, such as Sony Corp, Toyota Motor Co and Panasonic have
shuttered production lines, with restart efforts hampered by quake aftershocks.
Electric power shortages are a huge problem. The country's eight Northern
prefectures are now subject to three hour daily black outs and power rationing,
including Tokyo. That has closed all manufacturing activity in the most
economically vital part of the country.

According to various reports, Japan's devastating earthquake and deepening
nuclear crisis could result in losses of up to $200 billion for the world's
third largest economy but the global impact remains hard to gauge week after a
massive tsunami battered the northeast coast. The disaster is expected to hit
Japanese output sharply over the coming months, but economists warned it could
result in a deeper slowdown if power shortages prove significant and prolonged.
Most analysts believe that the direct economic losses could result in a
contraction in second quarter GDP but a sharp rebound is expected in the latter
half of 2011 as reconstruction investment boosts growth.

As Japan reels in the aftermath of the most powerful earthquake in its history
and worries grow about a nuclear reactor meltdown, some economists wonder
whether the disaster will push the country closer to a sovereign debt crisis,
too. Japan's public debt will be more than twice its GDP this year, according to
the OECD estimates. Japan's public debt is twice the size of its $5.3 trillion
economy, the highest ratio of any large developed country in the world. But
unlike other high debt countries like Greece, only five percent of Japan's debt
is held by foreign investors so the risks of a funding crisis are limited.

Japan's already weak economy faces deeper damage than initially thought from the
triple blow of a devastating earthquake, tsunami and nuclear disaster, and risks
prolonging its sluggish recovery. At worst, forecasts from some economists
suggest the world's third largest economy is in danger of slipping back into
recession. GDP growth rate appears to instantly dive from +2% to -3%. As the
world's third largest economy, the country accounts for around six per cent of
global GDP that translates as about 0.2 per cent of world output. Any fall in
Japanese GDP will have a knock-on effect globally Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 14, 2011 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Economy In Japan Fell 0.3% At Year End

BYLINE: By HIROKO TABUCHI

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 786 words


TOKYO -- Japan's economy contracted in the fourth quarter when compared with the
previous three months, though analysts are optimistic about the country's
prospects for the rest of the year.

Japan's gross domestic product fell 0.3 percent in the October-December quarter
as the end of generous government incentives on environmentally friendly cars
resulted in a temporary decline in spending. At an annualized rate, Japan's
economy shrank 1.1 percent from the previous quarter.

The contraction, the first in five quarters, brought Japan's economy for 2010 to
$5.47 trillion, the Japanese Cabinet Office said. That compared with a $5.88
trillion economy for fast-growing China. The latest numbers were further
evidence of China's rapid ascent as an economic superpower, as China surpassed
Japan last summer after the half-year gross domestic product numbers were
released. Just five years ago, China's gross domestic product was around $2.3
trillion, about half Japan's.

Japan's economy has stagnated over the last two decades, reflecting its
continued decline in economic and political clout.

The country had the world's second-largest economy after the United States for
much of the last four decades. In the 1980s, its rapid growth even led to talk
of the Japanese economy's overtaking that of the United States.

But while Japan's economy is now mature and its population quickly aging, China
is in the throes of urbanization and industrialization. Still, China's
per-capita income is about $3,600, less than one-tenth that of the United States
or Japan.

Japan's economy, however, has benefited from China's rapid growth, initially as
businesses shifted production there to take advantage of lower costs, and as
local incomes rose, by tapping an increasingly lucrative market for Japanese
goods.

Though Japan's economy contracted in the fourth quarter, it expanded 3.9 percent
over all in 2010 compared with a year earlier, signaling a recovery from a
punishing recession in the wake of the global economic crisis.

Last month, the Japanese government said in its economic assessment that its
economy could soon rebound, as exports and factory output are helped by strong
demand from China and other emerging economies in Asia.

''While weakness will remain for the time being, the Japanese economy is
expected to pick up on improvements in overseas economies and effects of
government policy steps,'' Kaoru Yosano, economy minister, told reporters after
the release of the data.

The outlook has lowered expectations that the Bank of Japan, which is starting a
two-day policy meeting on Monday, will take any imminent measures to ease
monetary policy.

In the October-December quarter, private consumption in Japan fell 0.7 compared
with the previous quarter, dragged lower by the expiration in September of
generous government benefits for fuel-efficient cars. A tax increase on tobacco
in October also hurt cigarette sales. Net exports were hurt by a surge in the
yen to 15-year highs, which has made Japan's exports less competitive. Capital
investment rose 0.9 percent from the previous quarter, falling short of the 1.5
percent pace seen in July to September.

The news came just over two weeks after the credit ratings agency Standard &
Poor's downgraded Japan's long-term sovereign debt, to AA- from AA, three levels
below the highest possible rating. It was the first time S.& P. had downgraded
Japanese government debt since 2002.

A rival ratings agency, Moody's, kept its Aa2 rating for Japan, its
third-highest rating, though it later warned that the assessment might be
downgraded if the nation failed to carry out fiscal reforms.

Japan's liabilities will hit 204 percent of its gross domestic product this
year, outstripping the 137 percent for debt-ridden Greece, according to figures
from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.

When S.& P. downgraded Japan, it said that the Japanese government had no
''coherent strategy'' to address its ballooning deficit, and that its already
high debt burden was likely to continue to rise further than it had anticipated
before the financial crisis. A rapidly aging population is adding to the
country's woes, raising the likelihood of increasing social security and pension
obligations in the future.

S.& P. said then that it expected Japan's debt to continue rising until the
middle of this decade, and ''We do not forecast the government achieving a
primary balance before 2020, unless a significant fiscal consolidation program
is implemented beforehand.''

Japan's G.D.P. numbers did not affect the stock market in the country. The
benchmark Nikkei stock index was up 0.8 percent at midday on Monday. The market
was closed on Friday for a national holiday.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              442 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Heller on bankruptcy, part 2

LENGTH: 1181 words


David Heller, the 57-year-old global head of finance at legal giant Latham &
Watkins LLP and a 30-year veteran of bankruptcy practice, represents the
generation of restructuring lawyers who came of age with the modern-day U.S.
Bankruptcy Code of 1978 and matured alongside it. Heller is outspoken about
bankruptcy, restructuring and the role they play in economics. When it's
suggested that he's a cautious pessimist, he agrees, but adds: "Given my age,
I've never wanted to be wrong more than I do now.  I'm starting to root for
success despite the fact that I'm a bankruptcy lawyer."

Heller begins a discussion on the future as it relates to bankruptcy by calling
these days of relative quiescence a pause. "I thought we would pause from
exhaustion," he says. "Instead, we paused from uncertainty."

Heller's assessment of recent history goes like this: "Two years ago, people
thought bankruptcy would be everywhere. Instead, people froze because they
didn't know how low the bottom could get. Then people got very active because
they thought it was time to buy assets that would accrete value. Now, again,
people just don't know. Uncertainty is inactivity."

The lawyer emphasizes that because bankruptcy has become "so mainstream," it
can't be taken in isolation from the rest of the economy. He stresses that
nobody knows whether what we're witnessing now in general economic terms is "the
pause before the apocalypse, or is it the pause before the green shoots of
renewed growth?"

However, when pressed, Heller gives this prognosis:

"If there was a gun to my head, I would bet ... you're going to see a slew of
companies that have been given every opportunity to stay out of trouble fail and
file. There's no doubt in my mind that the recent accelerated pace of bankruptcy
generally, and therefore the pace of distressed M&A, will resume." Heller
suggests this will happen by February or March 2011. "I think you'll see the
second round of companies acknowledge that they can't hope or earn their way out
of the effects of the recent distress, especially if interest rates begin to
creep up."

Asked to pinpoint especially vulnerable sectors, Heller cites two: healthcare
and retail. On healthcare: "Where there's change, there's invariably failure."

On retail: "Ten years ago, we were talking about the fact that the Internet
would kill retail. It turns out we may never know because the economy may kill
retail."

There's one issue, however, that Heller refuses to get exercised over, and
that's the precarious state of commercial real estate. He doesn't believe that
the end result will be a wave of new filings: "Less and less, you see distressed
real estate being addressed through bankruptcy."

But he stresses that unlike operating companies "that may be worth more dead
than alive," real estate will stick around. "The real estate doesn't go
anywhere. ... A lot of people will lose money on real estate, but the
fundamental asset will continue. ... The question isn't whether real estate will
live, but who will own it. ... I would suggest that for everybody but
speculators, financial engineers and lawyers, it's sound and fury representing
nothing."

&nbsp;

The Predictors
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/features/cover-stories/on-prediction.php|On
prediction     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lerner:-more-pe-reform-and-more-emerging-markets.php|Lerner:
More PE reform and more emerging markets
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kroszner-warns-about-the-shadows.php|Kroszner warns about the shadows
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/forecasting-is-hard.php|Forecasting is hard
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/werbalowsky%27s-hopes-and-fears.php|Werbalowsky's hopes and fears
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/academics-on-failed-banks,-busted-towns-and-fat-fees.php|Academics on
failed banks, busted towns and fat fees
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/gray-on-commercial-real-estate.php|Gray on commmercial real estate
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/berlinski-and-mass-on-how-pe-will-cope.php|Berlinski and Mass on how
PE will cope     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/cuban-on-nearly-everything.php|Cuban on nearly everything
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/turk-on-europe%27s-future.php|Turk on Europe's future
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/heller-on-bankruptcy,-part-2.php|Heller on bankruptcy, part 2
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/hofmeister-on-energy.php|Hofmeister on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/trinder-on-riding-the-waves-of-regulation.php|Trinder on riding the
waves of regulation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/guccione%27s-triple-play.php|Guccione's triple play
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kallir-on-the-ways-of-the-art-market.php|Kallir on the ways of the art
market           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/grahm-on-wine.php|Grahm on wine
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/routh-on-the-rise-of-dumb-pumping.php|Routh on the rise of dumb
pumping      http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lloyd-george-on-emerging-markets.php|Lloyd George on emerging
markets           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/suhler-on-media-spending.php|Suhler on media spending
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/isaac:-banking-on-consolidation.php|Isaac: Banking on consolidation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/morris-on-limited-partners.php|Morris on limited partners
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/nunnelly-on-a-pe-shakeout.php|Nunnelly on a PE shakeout
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/beale:-waiting-for-the-public.php|Beale: Waiting for the public
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/collier-on-energy.php|Collier on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/levin-on-private-equity%27s-red-tape-and-return-to-the-midmarket.php|L
evin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket      &nbsp;
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/soothsayer-to-the-street.php|Soothsayer to the Street

&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             October 2, 2009 Friday
                                 First Edition

Proceed with care: IMF

BYLINE: Tony Walker WASHINGTON and Geoff Winestock

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 835 words


The International Monetary Fund has urged Australia to press ahead with
liquidity rules forcing banks to cut their reliance on short-term wholesale
borrowing, which made them vulnerable to the global financial crisis.

While it has upgraded its economic growth outlook for Australia, the IMF has
also said the economy still faces challenges, and requires strategies to unwind
expansionary policies and strengthen financial supervision and regulation.

The global agency's 2 per cent growth forecast for Australia in 2010 after 0.7
per cent this year appears in its latest biannual World Economic Outlook (WEO),
in which it has also lifted its forecast of global growth for 2010 to 3 per
cent.

However, the IMF has warned of a weak global recovery and the possibility of a
further slump as government-backed stimulus loses strength, underlining that the
main risk is that a global recovery would "stall".

"The fragile global economy still seems vulnerable to a range of shocks,
including rising oil prices, a virulent return of the H1N1 virus [swine flu],
geopolitical events, or resurgent protectionism," the IMF said in its closely
watched WEO, published on the eve of the autumn IMF/World Bank session in
Istanbul.

Underscoring concerns about the fragility of the international economy, the IMF
noted that the pace of the recovery is "slow" as banks and households struggled
to emerge from the worst financial crisis since World War II.

The IMF expects the global economy to grow in the fourth quarter, but suffer a 1
per cent contraction overall for the year. Three per cent growth for 2010 would
be well below rates achieved before the crisis.

These projections reflect modest upward revisions to those in the July 2009 WEO
which predicted a contraction of 1.4 per cent in 2009 and 2.5 per cent growth in
2010.

The October WEO is wary of the next period, warning that "policy forces that are
driving the current rebound will gradually lose strength".

"Specifically, fiscal stimulus will diminish and inventory rebuilding will
gradually lose its influence," it said.

"Meanwhile, consumption and investment are gaining strength only slowly, as
financial conditions remain tight in many economies."

On the other hand, the IMF urges policymakers to begin "preparing for an orderly
unwinding of extraordinary levels of public intervention".

In its cautious assessment, the IMF attributes the improvement in the global
economy to the "strong performance of Asian economies and stabilisation of a
modest recovery elsewhere".

While "modest growth" had returned to advanced economies, emerging and
developing economies are generally further ahead on the road to recovery "led by
a resurgent Asia".

Expanding on its theme of the recovery's fragility, the WEO refers to the IMF's
Global Financial Stability Report, out this week, that warns of a "significant
market concern" about the risks of a reversal as the financial sector is weighed
down with impaired assets.

Advanced economies were projected to expand sluggishly throughout much of 2010
with unemployment continuing to rise until later in the year.

Annual growth in 2010 among these economies was projected to be about 1.25 per
cent, after a contraction of 3.5 per cent in 2009, with a 2 per cent contraction
in the first half.

In emerging economies, real GDP growth is forecast to reach almost 5 per cent in
2010, up from 1.75 per cent in 2009.

Among emerging Asian economies, China and India are driving the rebound. Other
emerging economies are staging modest recoveries, supported by policy stimulus
and improving trade and global financial conditions.

Additional risks to the recovery pinpointed by the IMF include inflation that
may result from a "larger-than-expected surge in consumption and investment
across a number of advanced and emerging economies".

In the medium term, risks include negative public sentiment that will hinder
recovery, and a deteriorating budgetary outlook for countries that have had to
dig deep to fund stimulus.

The IMF warns that rising unemployment will present a "major challenge" in many
advanced economies, while poverty will continue to be a challenge in developing
economies.

"Unemployment rates typically tend to rise significantly and remain higher for
many years after financial shocks," it said. "Limiting the extent of job
destruction will require slower wage growth or even wage cuts for many workers."

The WEO said that achieving "healthy growth" will depend upon addressing global
imbalances between export-led economies such as China and the consumption-driven
model of the United States.

"Specifically, many economies that have followed export-led growth strategies
and have run current account surpluses will need to rely more on domestic demand
and imports," the WEO said.

"This will help offset subdued domestic demand in economies that have typically
run current account deficits and have experienced asset price (stock or housing)
busts, including the United States, part of the euro area, and many emerging
European economies."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS and TWO GRAPHS: Hard yakka The latest IMF economic forecasts
Real GDP growth (%);Unemployment rate (%) IMF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday

Developing nations to lift world economy amid US slowdown;
They will be the biggest drivers of global growth as pace slows to 3.3% this
year: World Bank

BYLINE: Bryan Lee

LENGTH: 590  words


DEVELOPING nations will be key in helping the global economy mitigate the drag
from a slowing United States.

With their domestic economies coming into their own, poor countries will be the
world's biggest growth driver this year, the World Bank said in a report
yesterday.

And Singapore is especially well-poised to take advantage of this as it is
located amid the hottest of the world's emerging economies.

'I do believe that there is an impact from whatever happens in the US economy on
the developing regions,' World Bank lead economist Hans Timmer said at a press
conference to present the bank's outlook for the world economy.

'But the result is not that the world economy will be on its knees.'

The bank is predicting global economic growth will moderate to 3.3 per cent this
year, due mainly to a slowdown in the US, the world's biggest economy.

The US, mired in a severe housing market downturn that has caused much financial
turmoil worldwide, is widely expected to decelerate further this year.

While the World Bank has estimated that the US should manage a modest 1.9 per
cent expansion this year, fears of a recession appear to be rising, prompted by
recent economic data.

'We can certainly smell a US recession although we can't taste one yet,' said
United Overseas Bank economist Thomas Lam.

Against this ominous backdrop, developing economies are emerging as a bright
spot for the year. They are expected to grow 7.1 per cent this year, with East
Asia's growth stars clocking in at an average of 9.7 per cent.

'Singapore benefits from its location in Asia, which has shown the strongest
dynamism in the world,' said Mr Timmers, who cited the region's red-hot
economies of China and Vietnam. He pointed out that developing nations have
become much more resilient to external demand shocks in the past few years.

The US housing slowdown, for instance, began two years ago and has been hurting
US imports of goods made in poorer countries.

But that has not derailed the developing world from its growth path as its
robust domestic economies - bolstered by better economic policies, open borders
and stronger supply-side structures - have been picking up the slack.

Many emerging economies have also been largely unscathed by financial problems
caused by the US sub- prime crisis as their direct exposure to the crisis has
been limited.

'With that resilience, with their strong performance, developing countries are
now mitigating the slowdown that is occurring in the US,' said Mr Timmers.

He noted that the developing economies together equal the US economy in size.

'But they are growing more than three times as fast. That means their
contribution to global demand is more than three times as important as the
contribution of the United States.'

Still, a sharp and drastic slowdown in the US remains a key risk to the
developing world and the global economy.

Also, an overreaction by policymakers might result in bigger problems down the
road.

The World bank warned that if central banks overstimulate the economy with
over-aggressive rate cuts, asset bubbles could be created.

'Commodity markets could tighten further, inflationary pressures would mount and
financial imbalances would increase rather than recede.

'Such a scenario could sow the seeds of a much sharper downturn in the medium
term.'

bryanlee@sph.com.sg

KEY CONTRIBUTOR

As developing economies are growing more than three times as fast as the US
economy, that means their contribution to global demand is more than three times
as important, says World Bank lead economist Hans Timmer.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Singapore

                                 April 2, 2007

My Say: Where is the global economy headed?

BYLINE: Manu Bhaskaran

LENGTH: 1009 words


Recent data has clearly raised concerns over the direction of the global
economy. However, the rough consensus remains that global activity will see a
moderate slowdown, with problems in the US economy contained and other parts of
the globe able to take up the slack. That seems to be the message from major
forecasters such as the International Monetary Fund and the Asian Development
Bank. What investors need to worry about is how far this consensus might be
wrong and the consequences for markets in case some of the risk factors
identified by these forecasters actually materialise.

US economy the key concern

Our key worry is the US economy, where we see two areas of particular risk.
First, it is not entirely true that the problems in the US economy are only
restricted to localised areas such as the housing/sub-prime mortgages. The most
recent indicators show that the problems in the housing sector are spreading.
The Federal Reserve Beige Book suggested that services that support the housing
and construction sector were suffering. It is also true that delinquencies among
prime mortgage borrowers have also started to rise. Most worryingly, the data on
capital spending by US businesses has been poor, with a clear decline. This
means that capital spending by US businesses on things such as computers IT is
not likely to offset the fall in housing-related construction activity as the
optimists had hoped. Our view is that the US economy is likely to slow a lot
more than the consensus believes, though avoiding an outright recession.

The second concern is the ability of US policymakers to take early enough action
to forestall a slowdown. The comments by the Fed chairman and senior governors
indicate a continuing concern with inflation, despite the apparent removal of
the inflation-fighting bias in the most recent Fed policy announcement. This
means that the policymakers are in a real dilemma - they are worried about both
growth and inflation. Action to help growth might stoke inflationary pressures
further, leaving the Fed unwilling to pursue a policy of pro-active monetary
easing. Given that it takes a long lag before cuts in interest rates stimulate
the economy, it is more than likely that when the Fed does cut interest rates,
it will be too late. So, while the markets may soon conclude that the Fed will
ease and move up on that hope, investors should remain wary. The slowdown will
still come and it will cause disappointments in earnings that will hurt the US
market.

Rest of global economy looks positive

What about the rest of the global economy? Here, there are indeed grounds for
hope. The European economies continue to gather some momentum, as seen in recent
confidence and consumer spending data. Despite a much stronger euro, the German
economy in particular seems to be on an upward cycle for now. In Japan, the
recovery in land prices shows that the period of deflation is fundamentally
over. So, while there might be a moderate slowing in the economy as the US
slows, Japanese businesses appear confident and are stepping up their spending.
The weak link in its economy remains the consumer - while the labour market has
improved, the average Japanese household has not seen enough growth in income to
be really confident about spending. Still, as Japanese businesses continue to
expand and as businessmen and consumers become more confident about the end of
deflation, overall demand should improve. For us, the bottom line for Europe and
Japan is that these economies will slow a little as the US economy weakens but
will remain largely resilient.

Another area to watch is clearly oil prices. The rising tensions between Iran
and the UK over the seizure by Iran of UK navy personnel could well be resolved
diplomatically. However, the sharp rise in oil prices when the incident erupted
shows how sensitive they are to political risk. This is because there is still
an insufficient buffer of oil reserves to give oil traders confidence that
political shocks can be absorbed easily in the oil market. We suspect that
ongoing tensions in the Middle East will mean a continuing high risk premium
built into oil prices - this is clearly negative for the global economy and for
inflation.

At the same time, the large developing economies continue to grow robustly. The
lead indicators for the Chinese and Indian economies continue to point up.
However, risks are building in both. In China, policymakers are increasingly
concerned over inflationary pressures and the impact of excessive liquidity on
demand. They are using mainly administrative measures to cool the economy - but
such measures tend to be blunt and could cause unintended harm to the economy.
Over in India, there are clear signs of overheating - the external balances have
deteriorated, inflation has risen and bottlenecks are apparent in infrastructure
as well as in skilled labour. The central bank is clearly concerned and is
likely to become more aggressive in its efforts to cool the economy. As the
economy slows, the excesses in some areas such as real estate prices are bound
to reverse, hurting confidence. We believe that the Indian economy could slow a
lot more than the consensus believes for 2007-08.

Mild slowing for Southeast Asia

So, where does this leave us in Southeast Asia? First, global demand for
regional exports will clearly weaken. In particular, with US businesses cutting
back on spending on capital equipment, the risks to demand for Asian electronics
and IT-related exports are rising. Second, this deceleration in the global
economy is likely to be moderate given the outlook for Europe, Japan and China.
Thus, the overall impact on Southeast Asia is most probably a mild slowing.
Third, it also means that the bias of policy in the region is likely to shift
towards promoting growth - we should see further monetary-policy easing in
countries such as Thailand and stepped-up fiscal spending in others such as
Malaysia.

Manu Bhaskaran is a partner and head of economic research at Centennial Group
Inc, an economics consultancy

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The Edge Publishing PTE. LTD.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 9, 2006 Thursday

Global Economy on Growth Track

LENGTH: 703 words


By Seo Jee-yeon

The global economy is expected to remain resilient this year despite high oil
prices and other risks, according to David Coe, senior advisor, Asia and Pacific
department of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

He presented his forecast of the global economy in a session of the World
Economic Outlook 2006 Symposium.

Coe, who was who was IMF's senior representative in Seoul between 1999 and 2001,
expected the global economy to maintain its momentum, while suggesting one of
the biggest challenges facing the global economy be the strength of the U.S.
economy.

His positive view about the global economic outlook is in line with projections
by international investment banks.

Goldman Sachs recently raised its forecast for first-quarter U.S. gross domestic
product (GDP) growth to an annualized 4.5 percent and said that momentum into
the first quarter is very firm. HSBC hiked the growth forecast for the U.S.
economy to 5.2 percent for the same period. Morgan Stanley projected the U.S.
economy will jump to 5.5 this year.

Despite such rosy outlooks for the U.S. economy, Coe pointed out the issue of
the widening U.S. current account deficit as a key factor to raise the
uncertainties of the world's largest economy.

The U.S. trade deficit is estimated to widen last December, capping America's
worst year for international commerce on record. The deficit reached a record
$68.1 billion in October. For the year, the deficit would reach $726.5 billion,
surpassing 2004's $617.6 billion as the biggest ever.

Other external factors undermining the world economy include high and volatile
oil prices, widening global current account imbalances and the tightened global
financial market.

High oil prices have a negative effect on all of the oil importing countries.
Coe estimates a $10 hike per barrel reduces growth by up to 1.25 percent.

When it comes to the outlook for the Asian economy, he said the growth of Asian
economies is encouraging this year. In particular, China's imports, one of key
drives for the regional growth, are expected to keep growing.

But in the newly industrialized Asian economies, momentum rests on shaky
grounds.

The Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) will have the least
encouraging domestic demand prospects in Asia. Asia's current account surplus is
expected to remain around $350 billion.

Despite high oil prices, inflation is projected to remain modest. The
appreciation of the regional currencies will weigh down on exports-driven Asian
economies. So stronger domestic demand is needed in Asia, Coe said.

For the sustainable growth, he stresses Asian countries need to firm up
structure reform, promoting investor-friendly environment, reforming financial
systems. China, in particular, has to speed up health care and pension reforms.

Coe is positive about the Korean economy, predicting the Asia's third largest
economy will enjoy the second boom for the next few years.

He forecast the Korean economy will grow 5 to 5.5 percent for the next five
years.

The second period of recovery, following the slowdown after a quick recovery
from the financial crisis, will start from this year. Coe said the economic
growth this year is driven by two engines-export and domestic demand.

The domestic demand, which had slowed due to the credit card bubble burst in
2003, has signed a sign of a pick-up since the latter part of last year.

The Korean economy could be burdened by high international oil prices and a
strong won against the dollar.

But Coe pointed out the rising oil prices is a threat not only to the Korean
economy but also to other nations. The run-up of oil price also reflects itself
strong demand of the world.

The appreciation of the won, which offsets the price hike in oil imports and
increases income, is not always bad for the economy, Coe said.

The global competitiveness of Korean commodities also can embrace the strong won
to some extent.

To achieve the growth goal, however, he stressed Korea has to continue to
address structure issues. Sectors where need to further improve include the
labor market, small-and mid- sized enterprises (SMEs) and financial industry.

Coe added Korea needs to continue to the corporate reform, which cannot be done
overnight.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                  May 22, 2002

Experts: Shadow Economy Booming

BYLINE: Torrey Clark

SECTION: No. 2442

LENGTH: 468 words


Staff Writer

The shadow economy is thriving despite official claims to the contrary, experts
said Tuesday. "No comforting trends have been observed. The shadow economy
continues to grow," said Irina Yeliseyeva, professor at the St. Petersburg State
University for Economics and Finance. "The whole economy is immersed in
shadows." The State Statistics Committee said in March that the shadow economy
was 22 percent to 25 percent of the entire economy. Deputy Prime Minister and
Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin has said the gray economy is shrinking thanks to
tax and other reforms.

Yeliseyeva's team analyzed surveys of registered companies' unreported
transactions, unofficial salaries, unpaid taxes and underreported profits in the
St. Petersburg area. The researchers estimated that such activities -- not
including unregistered companies -- were equivalent to 43 percent of the
regional economy, Yeliseyeva said, speaking at a conference sponsored by the
Russian-European Center for Economic Policy. She estimated that for Russia , the
shadow economy could be as high as 35 percent.

In addition to the tax and bureaucratic barriers, the prevalence of protection
rackets, or kryshi, keeps the shadow economy alive, Yeliseyeva said.

The main groups arranging shadow services are "informal" and used by an
estimated 52 percent of companies. For law enforcement agencies the figure is 36
percent, administrative authorities 35 percent and financial institutions 25
percent.

The most important issue, however, is not the size of the shadow economy but why
it exists at all, economists said.

"The problem goes beyond measuring the shadow economy. The focus needs to be the
quality of services provided by the government to the population. And the
quality is still low," said Yevgeny Gavrilenkov, chief economist at Troika
Dialog.

"Any estimate is just an estimate. But in general it gives an important
indicator of the government regulatory environment," said Alexei Moisseyev of
Renaissance Capital.

Although the government's reform efforts are positive, there are few signs of
the shadows lifting yet.

"Overall we have not seen many people becoming happy tax payers," said Christof
Rhl, chief economist for the World Bank in Moscow.

"When legislation is constantly changing and not always perfected, where there
are too many barriers and pervasive corruption, a shadow economy is a natural
reaction," Gavrilenkov said. "In such conditions, it's better to have a shadow
economy ... than none at all." Once the government implements reforms and the
system stabilizes, however, the shadow economy could strangle growth.
"Economically speaking, companies in the shadow economy are bound to hit a
bottleneck for growth: It's easier to hide 20 employees than 200," Rhl said.


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 2002 Independent Press


                              448 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            January 11, 2002, Friday

Weak yen doesn't necessarily harm Korean economy, IMF official says

BYLINE: By Park Sang-soo Staff reporter

LENGTH: 458 words



The depreciation of the Japanese yen will not have a large negative impact on
the Korean economy, a high-ranking official of the International Monetary Fund
(IMF) said yesterday.

"It is true that the weak yen has an adverse impact on Korea's exports, but
Korean companies will be able to import (Japanese) capital goods at a cheaper
price," said Charles Adams, deputy director of the IMF Regional Office for Asia
and the Pacific, in a press conference held at the Westin Chosun Hotel in Seoul.
Offering a balanced view on the falling yen, which has left Japan's neighboring
countries jittery, Adams said Korean companies will be able to overcome
difficulties caused by the weak yen.

He added the IMF does not have any idea of the yen's proper level.

Adams said that the Korean economy is expected to grow at a rate of 3.2 percent
this year, stronger than other economies, helped by strong domestic demand and
appropriate macro polices.

"I think the economy will witness a turning point in the foreseeable future.
Latest economic figures prove it," he said.

Not totally sanguine about the Korean economy, though, the IMF is becoming more
optimistic about economic upturn down the road, he said.

"The better-than-expected outcome was possible due to diversified export items
and robust domestic consumption. Macro policies also helped the economy grow,"
Adams said, adding that a meaningful recovery, however, will come only when
other economies like the United States begin to turnaround.

While other Asian countries like Singapore, Malaysia and Taiwan remained in a
slump much of last year, the Korean economy grew 1.8 percent year-on-year during
the third quarter of last year in the face of the global economic slowdown.

Noting that Korea has made big strides toward restructuring of the financial
sector, Adams nonetheless stressed that there is still much to be done in the
corporate sector, the most critical issue for the economy itself.

While remaining definitely optimistic about the global economic outlook in the
long-term, he took a cautious attitude toward an imminent pickup this year,
saying, "Downside risk to the world economy is still valid in the short-term.
Despite this, I think the world economy is much expected to recover this year,"
Adams said.

Negatively affected by the Sept.11 events in the United States, the global
economy is expected to grow at a slower than expected rate of 2.4 percent, he
said. The U.S. economy will expand 0.7 percent, while the euro-zone economy will
grow 1.2 percent.

However, the Japanese economy, which is still grappling with mountainous bad
loans and ailing companies, should suffer a minus one percent growth this year,
the IMF official said.

(sam@koreaherald.co.kr)

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2002 The Korea Herald


                              449 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                 March 19, 2001

Shipping agencies submit paper on K-economy

SECTION: Business Cargo; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 428 words


THE Port Klang Association of Shipping Agencies (PKASA) has submitted a
paper to the government on the importance and impact of the K-Economy in
the maritime sector.

According to association president V. Muthiah, the paper, which outlines
the increasing pace of technological change on maritime sectors and the
development of the K-economy was presented to the Economic Planning Unit
of the Prime Minister's department last month.

"The government recognises the need to transform the economy to a
knowledge-based economy to take advantage of the opportunities created by
new information and communication technology (ICT).

"The K-economy presents a strategy to generate and exploit knowledge to
create new value in the economy, thereby contributing to increasing total
factor productivity and rising long-term growth potential of the economy,"
said Muthiah.

The transportation sector, he said, is one of the seven sectors
identified by the government for the implementation of the K-economy
masterplan by end of the year.

"We, PKASA, have taken a leading role in the private sector to identify
the role of the shipping sector towards challenges imposed by the new
economy. Delay or failure to make this transition may leave Malaysia, an
essentially small and open economy, behind."

Muthiah said the shipping sector must take advantage of the knowledge
economy and its potential in the IT revolution to survive in this
borderless trading environment.

"We strongly believe the shipping industry needs to identify, capture
and market the knowledge base that drives all products and services. They
need greater understanding of doing business, risk and business management
skills in the market place."

Muthiah stressed that there are both opportunities and challenges that
policy makers would face in the transition towards a knowledge-based
economy.

The traditional management practices within the maritime sector have to
be reviewed quickly for the nation's transition into the K-economy and the
communication system needs to be upgraded with fibre optic cables, he
said.

He added that mass training programme must be made available to bring
transport sector workers to cope with the speed of technology. ICT culture
promotion programme must be made available to put IT facilities into this
sector.

The Association's paper, which was prepared with the assistance of its
legal adviser, R.M. Raippen, said the private and public sectors must
develop a smart partnership and must be run as knowledge enterprises.


LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2001 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              450 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    February 27, 1999 Saturday Final Edition

Good times in U.S. predicted to last through '99 : Economy appears to be
impervious to the shocks reverberating around the globe

SOURCE: Los Angeles Times

BYLINE: James Peltz; Stuart Silverstein

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 585 words


How long can America's good economic times last? Most experts say at least
through this year.

And you've got to give them credit for venturing a guess. After all, they've
been mistaken for several years running.

The U.S. economy has repeatedly amazed and baffled prognosticators, especially
since the beginning of the Asian economic crisis in mid-1997. That contagion was
widely predicted to infect the world's biggest economy and bring its long
expansion to a halt.

While the Asian crisis has enveloped much of the world, it has almost
mysteriously spared the United States which on balance seems to have benefited
from it.

"This is a remarkable time in our economic history," said Stan Shipley, an
economist at Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York. "This economy is strong enough to
overcome adversity. When you occasionally get a shock from Asia or Russia, it
doesn't really hamper this economy."

The latest evidence came this week in a series of remarkably bullish reports
showing greater than expected strength throughout most of the economy even as
Brazil, a critical export market, was collapsing into recession and devaluation.

Even though analysts see growth easing a bit from its sizzling pace of 1998,
they say the U.S. economy remains exceptionally healthy.

"Everything is going right for us," said Cynthia Latta, an economist at Standard
& Poor's DRI in Lexington, Mass.

The remarkable fact about the economy -- already enjoying the longest peacetime
expansion in the nation's history -- is that hardly anyone can foresee an end to
the party, barring a sudden financial shock.

Americans continue to be treated to the best mix of low inflation and low
joblessness they've seen in more than 30 years.

Consumer spending is still brisk and interest rates -- despite moving higher in
recent days -- remain low. That bodes well for additional consumer spending on
houses, cars, apparel and other goods and services.

"The fundamental factors are there for the economy to continue growing at a
healthy pace," said Mickey Levy, chief economist at Bank of America in New York.
But as the past two years have illustrated, economic forecasting remains a murky
proposition at best. All sorts of unforeseen events could stunt the expansion.

With the economy growing so fast, one of biggest worries is a raising of
interest rates by the Federal Reserve. The Fed might do that if it believes the
economy is overheating and thus threatens to push inflation higher.

Analysts said for the time being, the Fed appears willing to stay on the
sidelines in the hope the economy slows on its own and that fragile foreign
economies don't lead to additional overseas crises.

"There's no clear evidence of inflation, so that creates a bit of an obstacle"
to a rate hike, said Edward McKelvey, senior economist at Goldman, Sachs & Co.
in New York. "As long as that's the case, (the Fed) will watch the economy
nervously and hope the economy slows down."

An unexpected international crisis -- for instance, the outbreak of a regional
war overseas or a severe economic slowdown in Europe -- also could throw the
U.S. economy off track.

Ironically, another potential threat to the U.S. economy is the prospect of
recovery among foreign economies, Latta said.

Amid signs that hard-hit Asian markets and other slumping economies may
strengthen, "demand for commodities and goods will pick up again and the U.S.
consumer won't be the only one out there buying," she said.

That, in turn, would push up inflation.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 1999 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              451 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 30, 1983, Sunday, Final Edition

Underground Economy in Peru Seen Vibrant, Growing

BYLINE: By James L. Rowe Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; G17

LENGTH: 1336 words


When Peruvian businessman and economist Hernando de Soto looks at the shanty
towns that dot Lima, he sees more than the abject poverty.

De Soto says that hidden amidst the shanties is a vibrant market economy that is
mainly independent of the formal Peruvian economy and that has grown so fast
that today it produces as much as $11 billion in goods and services--almost none
of which is counted in the official $22 billion Peruvian gross domestic product.

It is peopled by Peruvians, many of them Indians, who fled rural poverty in
search of a better life in the city. Lima, like many Latin American cities, grew
quickly in recent decades because of rural immigration. Peru's most important
city had about 1 million inhabitants in 1958; today it has 5.5 million people.

Peru's underground economy is complete with manufacturing facilities, retail
outlets (street vendors) and its own legal system, de Soto said.

If he is correct, then Peru is a far wealthier country than official statistics
portray. Like many Latin American nations, Peru is mired in foreign debt that
economists, bankers and Peruvian officials say is bigger than Peru's economy can
handle.

De Soto said that the study he directed as head of a Lima think tank, the
Institute for Liberty and Democracy, should cause economists and government
officials to re-evaluate the standard belief that cultural and social factors in
most of Latin America preclude the development of a private, market economy
along the lines of those in the United States and much of Western Europe.

He said Peru's informal economy developed despite the terrific handicap of being
illegal. In the future, he said, officials should consider whether to redirect
development efforts toward the private sector rather than the state sector
(which in nearly all Latin American debtor nations owes most of the debt).

He said it is impossible to determine without further studies whether the same
can be said about other Latin American nations like Brazil where conditions
appear to be similar, de Soto said in an interview here.

De Soto assembled a 55-person team to explore Peru's "informal" economy. He said
the informal or underground economy has mushroomed in Peru because the rural
immigrants found it nearly impossible to establish themselves in businesses in
the above-ground economy.

It could take a poor person in Lima six months or more to get government
approval to set up a simple business, approval that would take only hours or
days to get in the United States, he said.

The think tank's team was comprised of anthropologists, economists, lawyers and
others with a more direct knowledge of underground operations, including one
police officer with a doctoral degree. De Soto said that the investigators are
of all political stripes, from avowed Marxists to free-market exponents like
himself. All were surprised at the large number of entrepreneurs that people the
shanty towns of Lima and other Peruvian cities, he said.

De Soto said the study estimates that the underground economy accounts for 90
percent of Peru's garment industry, 75 percent of its furniture industry, 60
percent of housing construction, and even a good part of the automobile and
truck industries.

The informal economy in Peru not only satisfies the needs of those who live in
the shanty towns, it competes in some ways with the legitimate economy and has
grown so important in some areas--most notably public transportation--that it
has achieved a quasi-legal status.

Nevertheless, most of the underground economy survives by staying out of the
sight of some authorities and by bribing others to look the other way.

There are many factories in Peru's informal economy, but to remain hidden from
official eyes most have fewer than 15 workers. In one five-square-block area in
Lima, automobiles are assembled, de Soto said. But the various key components of
the cars are assembled in stages by secretly shuttling them from one small
factory to another. There are few economies of scale in Peru's underground
economy, according to de Soto, who was in Washington to present the results of
the study to a State Department conference.

Peru's underground economy has grown so large and complicated that it has
developed its own legal system as well, de Soto's investigators discovered. In
any underground economy, whether it is in Lima or Chicago, a person's "word" is
crucial where there is no formal law to enforce agreements or protect rights.
Not unexpectedly, contract and property law in Peru's underground economy is
well developed, he said.

For example, he said that Lima's 300,000 street vendors (who are a major sales
outlet for much of the informal economy) have developed elaborate "property"
rights for the two square yards or so of public space each of them occupies for
eight hours. The "owner" of a space can sell it for about $750 (the exchange is
in U.S. dollars), and the rights of the new owner will be respected.

When the economy's underground bus drivers--who de Soto said carry about 85
percent of Lima's public transportation passengers--began to import buses in the
early 1970s, some of the contracts were secured by "deeds" to property the
importers owned in the eyes of the informal economy, although the ownership was
not recognized by formal Peruvian law.

He said the informal bus system began in much the same way gypsy cabs began in
New York City or Chicago: to fill a need. Gypsy cabs ply the ghetto streets in
Chicago or the outer boroughs in New York where people want taxi transportation
but most medallion cabs refuse to go.

The underground bus system in Lima, for example, began with vans or microbuses
that picked up passengers in areas that Lima's tiny public transportation system
did not serve. Today, that informal bus system regularly plies more than 160
routes in the city and its suburbs, and drivers, who own their buses and collect
their own fares, use vehicles that will hold 100 persons, he said.

The drivers have organized themselves into about 120 committees (for the most
part there is one committee for each route), and the committees decide which
driver covers the route at what time. All committees are part of a syndicate
that negotiates with the government over fares (about a dime) and safety
regulations, even though officially the government does not recognize the
informal bus system's existence.

But de Soto said that the underground economy is far from perfect, and that it
would be far preferable for the government to find a way to integrate it into
the above-ground economy.

Despite the success of many entrepreneurs, much poverty remains in Lima's shanty
towns, and there is no "redistribution of income" from wealthier residents to
the poor. Furthermore, he said, the costs of doing business in the informal
sector are high and the risks are great.

Like underground economies everywhere (including what he calls the "marginal"
one in the United States), nearly all transactions are in cash. The
entrepreneurs cannot protect themselves against Peru's 130 percent inflation
rate as de Soto can by investing in securities and bank deposits.

There is no insurance in the underground economy and, unlike the well-developed
contract and property law system, a tort system (which deals with injuries) is
poorly developed. If a bus is stolen or destroyed, the driver looses his
livelihood. If a factory is discovered by authorities and shut down, the owner
goes out of business and the workers lose their jobs.

He said interest rates in the underground economy reflect those risks. A lender
knows he cannot be repaid if a driver's bus is stolen or a factory's inventory
is seized. As a result, interest rates average between 250 and 300 percent.

De Soto, who returned to Lima four years ago after managing a major Swiss
construction firm for a decade, said his study is sure to cause controversy in
Peru, where the existence of the informal economy either is ignored or
underestimated, at least in his eyes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, A street scene in Lima, where the underground economy is said
to generate $11 billion. By Bill Sokol for the Washington Post

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              452 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

RANK ASSESSMENT TO BE PROUD OF

BYLINE: WAYNE SWAN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 940  words


But Australia's performance reflects far more than our economic world journey

THE arrival of Columbus in the Americas in 1492 heralded a European dominance of
the global economy that would span five continents for five centuries.

Spain was just one of the European powers intent on conquering what it called
the New World, but at its peak it was arguably the most powerful.

Today, what Europe once considered the New World is fast emerging as this
century's global powerhouse.

Emerging economies have not been immune from troubles in Europe, but they
continue to power global growth as economic activity shifts from West to East.
While there are still substantial headwinds, as yesterday's International
Monetary Fund outlook observed, in our own region economies such as China and
India are in the midst of profound and long-term economic transformations.

With our European roots and Asian outlook, Australia is in many ways straddling
this historic change. While this shift is not without its challenges for our
economy, so far we're one of its biggest beneficiaries.

In a milestone that turns the old and new-world dichotomy on its head, the IMF
showed yesterday that the Australian economy had surpassed the Spanish economy
to become the 12th-largest in the world based on gross domestic product at
market exchange rates.

This is up three places since the Labor government came to office in 2007. And
it reverses a decline under the previous government, which saw Australia fall
from 12th-largest economy in 1996 to 15th in 2007.

Let's pause to reflect on this: the economic performance under this Labor
government has seen our economy leap-frog three places in the global batting
order while the previous Liberal government saw it slip three places.

In the past five years, Australia's economy has surpassed those of South Korea,
Mexico and now Spain. Our economy has grown at about 11 per cent since the end
of 2007 while the US has grown only by about 1 3/4 per cent and many European
countries are substantially smaller due to the massive recessions they have
endured.

Inhabiting a place among the top dozen largest economies on the planet is
particularly impressive when you consider we have only the 51st-biggest
population.

These are the facts about economic growth under this Labor government and no
amount of the facile ``redistributionist'' critiques from the conservative side
of politics or the media can whitewash them away.

These facts also demonstrate the obtuseness of Tony Abbott's claims on Sunday
that the Australian economy isn't growing; they demonstrate just what my
predecessor Peter Costello meant when he said Abbott had no aptitude for
economics and why John Hewson described him as genuinely innumerate.

That is not to say that we do not face challenges in our economy, but we should
also recognise the substantial achievements that have been made by businesses
and workers pulling together in the face of the most difficult global conditions
in 80 years.

Of course, it's a matter of grave concern to all of us that Spain is currently
enduring the economic and human impacts of a deep recession, including
unemployment rates of about 25 per cent.

While Spain has made a number of tough decisions over a number of years to try
to put its economy back on track, it faces a tough road ahead.

By supporting our economy during the most turbulent period in the global economy
in a generation, Australia was able to avoid the destruction of capacity in our
economy that comes with such recessions, in particular the human cost of high
and long-term unemployment.

Our graduates are looking at an unemployment figure of just over 5 per cent and
are beginning their careers in an economy with bright prospects and all the
opportunities of the Asian Century in front of them. Australia's performance
does not just reflect our extraordinary economic journey over the past three
decades.

Our performance is also symbolic of the tectonic movements happening in the
world economy.

ANZ's Richard Yetsenga called it a ``microcosm of the structural shifts in the
global economy away from the old developed core to the emerging and peripheral
part of the global economy''.

If you count from federation, Australia is barely a century old and one of the
youngest of the ``New World'' economies. But we have just completed our 21st
consecutive year of growth, which is a record unmatched by any other advanced
economy during this period. This is the result of decades of reform such as
floating the dollar, bringing down the tariff wall, abolishing centralised wage
fixing and introducing compulsory superannuation.

It is also a reflection of our almost unique success in fighting off recession
during the worst global downturn in 80 years.

As a result, we have the enviable combination of solid growth, low unemployment,
contained inflation, sound public finances and an enormous pipeline of
investment in resources that's delivering greater economic capacity and export
volumes.

Next month I will travel to Mexico City, once part of a colony Cortez called New
Spain.

As I work with my fellow G20 finance ministers to tackle the challenges from the
ongoing crisis in Europe, we will also continue our work to support the
fundamental rebalancing of global growth that is under way.

This shift would have been unimaginable to Columbus more than 500 years ago, as
would have the rise of Australia, a country not even known to Europe until
nearly 300 years later, to take its place as the 12th-largest economy in the
world. An achievement every Australian worker and business should be proud of.

______________________________

>> Wayne Swan is the federal Treasurer.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    February 28, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Investing in the 'new economy'; Fund manager identifies five key financial
measures

BYLINE: RON CHALMERS; EDMONTON JOURNAL

SECTION: BUSINESS: THIS WEEK IN BUSINESS; Pg. F13

LENGTH: 562 words


Buying stock in companies that will grow is an obvious strategy. But how do you
pick them?

Talvest Fund Management does it through its New Economy Fund, by investing in
companies that economist Nuala Beck has identified as part of the "new economy."

Beck's 1992 best-selling book, Shifting Gears: Thriving in the New Economy,
defined "new economy" industries in terms of growth rate and investment in
knowledge.

Now Beck has applied her "new economy" criteria to individual Canadian
companies.

She has developed 25 financial measures, and has retained researchers at the
University of Western Ontario to correlate those measures to the performance of
company share prices on the Toronto Stock Exchange.

Ratios to look for

"We reduced them to five really key ratios," Beck says. They are:

Percentage of sales to the new economy: Some companies which are not themselves
part of the new economy are suppliers to the new economy, Beck explains. For
instance, a paper company could specialize in making computer paper.

The targeting of markets that are growing, rather than static or shrinking, is
"almost an acid test for management," Beck says.

Patent-to-stock-price ratio: "Some companies have not filed a patent in 15
years," Beck says. Obviously, they rate poorly.

Knowledge ratio: This is the fraction of employees in scientific, engineering or
management positions.

Return on knowledge assets: It's one thing to invest in technology - and another
thing for that investment to pay off. This ratio ensures that companies aren't
rewarded for simply throwing money at an idea.

Turnaround ratio: This is the percentage of sales into "old economy" companies
that are recovering.

Shares of companies that rated as "new economy," according to these five tests,
enjoyed an average annual return of 15.1 per cent over the past 10 years, Beck
said.

Stock more volatile

The average annual return among all companies in the TSE 300 was 9 per cent
during that same period.

"New economy" companies don't always outperform "old economy" companies, she
cautioned. Their stock returns are volatile, and they move in a different cycle.

"The new economy, in the past year, has been lagging behind the market," Beck
noted.

The Talvest New Economy Fund, launched last November, doesn't invest in all "new
economy" companies. Rather, Beck explained, Talvest investment managers "add
value to the portfolio by weeding out some companies."

Historically, Talvest has not clearly demonstrated its ability to "add value" to
stock portfolios.

The Talvest Growth Fund has been an average performer, compared to other
Canadian equity mutual funds, over the past 10 years. It has performed below
average for the past one-, three- and five-year periods.

The Talvest New Economy Fund grew by 0.4 per cent in December and 0.6 per cent
in January, ranking near the bottom of all Canadian equity funds in each month.

The fund has under-performed the market because cash has flowed in quickly, but
been invested slowly, said Jean Morissette, Talvest's marketing vice-president.

"There were some worries about the Canadian market, and the manager felt it was
good to have a defensive strategy," he explained.

So far, only 55 per cent of the money in the fund has been placed in the market.
The cash will be invested gradually, Morissette said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Oligarchies pose obstacles to Iran's economic growth

BYLINE: Mehrdad Emadi for, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1389 words


Dec. 20--While the recent reports by Central Bank of Iran suggest impressive
achievements, many believe that the economy still suffers from deep
shortcomings.

The economy is still facing deep rooted problems most of which are caused by
internal factors driven by the behavior of "economic oligarchies".

However, the latest report on growth released by the Central Bank of Iran
confirms a rise in the growth rate for the economy.

The figure of 7.4 percent is an impressive achievement given than three years
ago the economy was shrinking at a rate of around 4.6 percent.

This is certainly not a small feat for Iran especially noting the depressed oil
market and the current oil prices which have greatly reduced the foreign
revenues of the government from the sale of the crude oil.

Gradual Improvement

The emerging data suggest that the economic conditions have been gradually
improving in Iran in the last two years.

However, this does not mean that all sectors in the economy have been
experiencing growth. There appears to be a clear dichotomy appearing in the
economy. On the one hand, we have large strategically significant projects which
have been identified as driving leaders for industrialization and strategic
poles for technology transfer.

These projects have received capital injection through partnership with outside
firms, often global leaders in their field.

I identify these activities as technology-driven export-oriented projects which
are guided to become competitive at world prices in the near future.

There is, in fact, supporting data that confirms over 15 percent growth and
expansion for this part of the economy.

The spin-off from such projects has been improvements in the demand for the
smaller and medium size firms that can be considered as service provider for the
core projects.

The growth in this area combined with structured support from the government
have facilitated a re-orientation toward export markets and can be confirmed is
that for the first time in 56 years, the trade performance of the country is
improving showing a surplus in the trade balance while at the same time the
share of oil in the economy shows a decline.

This is a historical change suggesting that the political leadership has
succeeded in weaning off the economy from oil revenues and instead to guide the
economy toward the manufacturing and the production of exportable goods.

This will have important ramifications for the strength of the economy and its
ability to stand external shocks or any attempt in the future to impose new
trade or investment sanctions upon Iran.

IRGC involvement

At the same time, there is a vector of activities where there seem to be
persistent recessionary conditions arising from the falling investment and
stagnated activities exacerbated by shrinking demand.

Most notable here are projects which used to receive preferential treatment in
the allocation of foreign currency by the government as well as unimpeded
imports exempted from the existing import duties and taxes.

The main revenue here has been rooted in "economic rent" from imports and "soft
loans" to undertake new projects.

Most notable amongst these have been businesses owned or controlled by entities
connected to the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps and their parallel
organizations.

The emerging opening of the economy to competition from outside and the
insistence of the government to reduce the monopoly power of the oligarchies
have reduced the ability of this sector to enjoy access to easy money, i.e. soft
loans and credit, and foreign currencies at preferential rates.

In this segment of the economy and all the businesses that used to benefit from
serving it, data suggests a stagnated growth and even contraction in new
investment.

Furthermore, completing the previously awarded contracts has suffered because
suddenly this sector of the economy has had to face hard budget constraints and
financial discipline similar to those faced by the privately owned business.

Given the size and reach of the owners of the businesses in the sector, it is
understandable that there are concerted efforts to resist the plans of the
government to make the economy more competitive and open large projects in key
sectors such as oil, gas, petrochemicals, automotive and construction to foreign
competition.

Translation of this resistance can be measured through daily and weekly media
campaigns by some of the religious quarters who also have seen the emergence of
a more competitive and transparent economy unfavorable to their current business
interests.

Given the substantial share in the economy, it is my view that government should
continue on its current path of pro-competition macro policies whilst at the
same time enter a period of consultation with the main actors in this sector
with a view of offering them a framework of transition during which those firms
that can increase their productivity and reduce wasteful practices can continues
doing business competitively.

I think there may be merits in helping this sector since there are many
resources at the disposal of firms in this sector that can be employed
productively resulting in stable employment at competitive salaries and product
prices. We should be reminded of the success of Vietnam and China here.

"Wait-and-see segment of the economy"

Finally, there are firms and activities which do not fall into either of the
aforementioned categories which have been trapped in what I call the
wait-and-see segment of the economy.

These are by large, privately owned businesses with no mentionable political
connections whom in my view are the most important actors in the long term in
the economy.

This segment has the potential to become the core of the economy.

However, the managers in this segment are wary of the durability of economic
reforms and indicated transparency.

The deeply rooted concerns about the return of oligarchs to take back the
control of foreign trade and barter-based trade of the last administration make
the managers jittery because of the uncertain future.

Should we see good economic practices started in the last two and half years to
continue taking roots and become common practice, I view this segment as the
true engine of growth for the Iranian economy.

Through re-orienting their investment and expanding their output capacity, the
sustainable employment will come from this part of the economy.

And I also suggest the most impressive performance in increasing exports at
competitive prices will be reported by firms that are truly independent of
government and other political entities.

Still optimistic

I stay cautiously optimistic on the future of the Iranian economy for the
following reasons.

The flow of outside firms interesting in investing in the economy of Iran shows
a positive rise whilst at the same time the pressure on business entities owned
by the quasi-state entities to adopt more transparent measures has been rising.
Just recently the largest telecommunication contract awarded to a firm owned by
the Revolutionary Guards was reversed because of a non-payment problem.

I view this as a sign that the political leadership at the most senior level has
agreed that the economy in the country need to become more robust by improving
its competitiveness and budgetary discipline.

There seem to be more signs of such a dynamics though we also have signs that
certain religious organizations have received special dispensation with regards
to tax and duties.

Whilst the figure of 7.4 percent growth may not be supported by the looking at
the data from an array of economies activities, there are sectors in the economy
that have seen 10-16 percent growth in their activities.

Typical of a state-centered economy like Iran at this stage, for the politically
unconnected firms, read the true private sector to experience a 5-plus growth
rate, we need to see the continuation of the growth in the super-macro projects
and the ripple effects of the growth to the small and medium firms.

I expect in another twelve months, barring a negative shock, we hear a
widespread rising activity in the economy.

Mehrdad Emadi is an economic expert and consultant at the UK-based Betamatrix
International Consultancy.

___ (c)2016 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161220-1AZ-Oligarchies-pose-obstacles-to-Iran-s-economic-growth-1220-20161220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2016 Trend News Agency


                              455 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Fuji Jukogyo Kabushiki Kaisha (JP) on May 12, titled as
"Display device for vehicle"

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 9,031,770, on
May 12 2015, to Fuji Jukogyo Kabushiki Kaisha (JP), titled as "Display device
for vehicle"

Inventors:  Yamasaki; Mahiro (Tokyo, JP)
Assignee:  Fuji Jukogyo Kabushiki Kaisha (Tokyo, JP)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
display device for a vehicle is provided in a vehicle having idling stop
function and includes: a fuel economy display unit to display fuel economy
information on the vehicle; an first fuel economy display unit to calculate a
first fuel economy based on a distance traveled and fuel consumption in a first
period; and a second fuel economy calculation unit to calculate an second fuel
economy based on a distance traveled and fuel consumption in a second period
shorter than the first period. The device also includes a display control unit
to control display of the fuel economy display unit based on a fuel economy
difference between the first and second fuel economies. When the second fuel
economy reaches a reference value before performing idling stop, the fuel
economy display control unit controls the fuel economy display unit based on the
last fuel economy difference without updating the difference."

The patent was filed on December 11, 2013 Application no. 14/103,358

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Living standards not a numbers game

BYLINE: Dan Steinbock

LENGTH: 874  words


China's GDP is projected to increase to $17.6 trillion this year and China has
not yet overtaken the US as the world's largest economy.

According to the International Monetary Fund, China's gross domestic product
(GDP) is projected to increase to $17.6 trillion this year, if calculated at
purchasing power parity (PPP), whereas the United States' is expected to grow to
$17.4 trillion. In reality, China has not yet overtaken the US as the world's
largest economy.

To compare the economies of different countries, you need data. That data, in
turn, is reported by each country in its own currency, which must be converted
into a common currency (usually in US dollars). There are two main methods for
this conversion.

One method relies on market exchange rates - that is, the rates in the foreign
exchange market. As every international tourist knows, foreign destinations
exchange money only on the basis of hard cash.

The other method relies on the PPP exchange rate - that is, the rate at which
the currency of a country would have to be converted for a purchase in another
country. After all, non-traded goods and services tend to be cheaper in
low-income countries than in high-income ones. For example, a haircut is cheaper
in Shanghai than in New York.

In advanced economies, the difference between market rate and exchange rate
measurements is significant, but not huge. In emerging economies, it is
typically both significant and huge.

Measured by the market-exchange rate, the US economy was $16.2 trillion in 2013.
If the PPP is used, it was close to $17.6 trillion. Based on the market exchange
rate, the Chinese economy was less than $8.4 trillion, but if the PPP is used,
it was nearly $16.2 trillion - almost twice as large.

Based on market rates, the Chinese economy remains 55-60 percent relative to the
US GDP. So China will overtake the US in these terms, but by the 2020s - not
yet.

If the PPP concept were applied to compare entire economies, then India would
already be the world's third-richest nation having overtaken Germany in 2003 and
Japan in 2008. The Indonesian economy would be larger than that of the United
Kingdom and the Philippines economy would be bigger than Switzerland's.

If, however, you rely on GDP comparisons that are based on market exchange
rates, India is the tenth-largest economy and will need years to overtake the
US. By the same token, the Indonesian economy is about one-third of the UK
economy, whereas the Swiss economy is 2.5 times bigger than that of the
Philippines.

Huge gaps remain between the living standards in the advanced and emerging
economies. Measured by per capita GDP (PPP), living standards in the UK are
nearly four times higher relative to Indonesia, while living standards in
Switzerland are more than eight times higher than those in the Philippines.

For all practical purposes, per capita GDP, adjusted for PPP, is a better
measure of individual well-being. It makes more sense when we compare living
standards of people in different countries.

Before China launched reforms and opening-up, the living standards in the
country were only 2 percent of those in the US. Today, the comparable figure is
20-25 percent. Despite China's unprecedented economic catch-up, living standards
in the US remain four to five times higher than in China.

So why are PPP figures used to compare economies, even when not warranted?
Often, reasons are political rather than economic. Misguided comparisons shift
attention away from absolute and relative poverty in emerging economies. The
World Bank measures international poverty by $1.25 (7.66 yuan) a day, which is
not enough for a single day's meal in China, not to speak of housing and other
expenditures.

Yet the current poverty rate for a family of three persons with one child in the
US is about $19,800 - or 2.8 times the average (nominal) per capita GDP in China
(and more than 13 times the comparable figure in India).

The practice may also be in self-interest. Climate change is typically defined
in aggregate terms in the West. In this way, China and other emerging economies
are often portrayed as the greatest polluters. And yet, on a per capita basis,
people in advanced economies cause 4-5 times more pollution than their Chinese
counterparts, not to speak of poorer emerging nations.

China is not yet the world's largest economy, but it will become one by the
2020s. With a population of more than 1.3 billion, that's only to be expected.

However, higher living standards will require higher productivity. In China,
that means the completion of industrialization and the shift to a
post-industrial economy. The same goes for the urbanization rate, which in China
is close to 55 percent, whereas in advanced economies it is 80-90 percent.

China has begun the transition from cost-efficiencies to innovation but the
catch-up will take time.

Ultimately, it's higher productivity that makes possible the living standards
that really matter to people. That's what the "American dream" is all about. And
the Chinese dream is no different.

The author is research director of International Business at India China and
America Institute (USA) and visiting fellow at Shanghai Institutes for
International Studies (China) and the EU Centre (Singapore).

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                October 15, 2014

Living standards not a numbers game

BYLINE: Dan Steinbock

LENGTH: 874  words


China's GDP is projected to increase to $17.6 trillion this year and China has
not yet overtaken the US as the world's largest economy.

According to the International Monetary Fund, China's gross domestic product
(GDP) is projected to increase to $17.6 trillion this year, if calculated at
purchasing power parity (PPP), whereas the United States' is expected to grow to
$17.4 billion. In reality, China has not yet overtaken the US as the world's
largest economy.

To compare the economies of different countries, you need data. That data, in
turn, is reported by each country in its own currency, which must be converted
into a common currency (usually in US dollars). There are two main methods for
this conversion.

One method relies on market exchange rates - that is, the rates in the foreign
exchange market. As every international tourist knows, foreign destinations
exchange money only on the basis of hard cash.

The other method relies on the PPP exchange rate - that is, the rate at which
the currency of a country would have to be converted for a purchase in another
country. After all, non-traded goods and services tend to be cheaper in
low-income countries than in high-income ones. For example, a haircut is cheaper
in Shanghai than in New York.

In advanced economies, the difference between market rate and exchange rate
measurements is significant, but not huge. In emerging economies, it is
typically both significant and huge.

Measured by the market-exchange rate, the US economy was $16.2 trillion in 2013.
If the PPP is used, it was close to $17.6 trillion. Based on the market exchange
rate, the Chinese economy was less than $8.4 trillion, but if the PPP is used,
it was nearly $16.2 trillion - almost twice as large.

Based on market rates, the Chinese economy remains 55-60 percent relative to the
US GDP. So China will overtake the US in these terms, but by the 2020s - not
yet.

If the PPP concept were applied to compare entire economies, then India would
already be the world's third-richest nation having overtaken Germany in 2003 and
Japan in 2008. The Indonesian economy would be larger than that of the United
Kingdom and the Philippines economy would be bigger than Switzerland's.

If, however, you rely on GDP comparisons that are based on market exchange
rates, India is the tenth-largest economy and will need years to overtake the
US. By the same token, the Indonesian economy is about one-third of the UK
economy, whereas the Swiss economy is 2.5 times bigger than that of the
Philippines.

Huge gaps remain between the living standards in the advanced and emerging
economies. Measured by per capita GDP (PPP), living standards in the UK are
nearly four times higher relative to Indonesia, while living standards in
Switzerland are more than eight times higher than those in the Philippines.

For all practical purposes, per capita GDP, adjusted for PPP, is a better
measure of individual well-being. It makes more sense when we compare living
standards of people in different countries.

Before China launched reforms and opening-up, the living standards in the
country were only 2 percent of those in the US. Today, the comparable figure is
20-25 percent. Despite China's unprecedented economic catch-up, living standards
in the US remain four to five times higher than in China.

So why are PPP figures used to compare economies, even when not warranted?
Often, reasons are political rather than economic. Misguided comparisons shift
attention away from absolute and relative poverty in emerging economies. The
World Bank measures international poverty by $1.25 (7.66 yuan) a day, which is
not enough for a single day's meal in China, not to speak of housing and other
expenditures.

Yet the current poverty rate for a family of three persons with one child in the
US is about $19,800 - or 2.8 times the average (nominal) per capita GDP in China
(and more than 13 times the comparable figure in India).

The practice may also be in self-interest. Climate change is typically defined
in aggregate terms in the West. In this way, China and other emerging economies
are often portrayed as the greatest polluters. And yet, on a per capita basis,
people in advanced economies cause 4-5 times more pollution than their Chinese
counterparts, not to speak of poorer emerging nations.

China is not yet the world's largest economy, but it will become one by the
2020s. With a population of more than 1.3 billion, that's only to be expected.

However, higher living standards will require higher productivity. In China,
that means the completion of industrialization and the shift to a
post-industrial economy. The same goes for the urbanization rate, which in China
is close to 55 percent, whereas in advanced economies it is 80-90 percent.

China has begun the transition from cost-efficiencies to innovation but the
catch-up will take time.

Ultimately, it's higher productivity that makes possible the living standards
that really matter to people. That's what the "American dream" is all about. And
the Chinese dream is no different.

The author is research director of International Business at India China and
America Institute (USA) and visiting fellow at Shanghai Institutes for
International Studies (China) and the EU Centre (Singapore).

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Living standards not a numbers game

BYLINE: Dan Steinbock

LENGTH: 874  words


China's GDP is projected to increase to $17.6 trillion this year and China has
not yet overtaken the US as the world's largest economy.

According to the International Monetary Fund, China's gross domestic product
(GDP) is projected to increase to $17.6 trillion this year, if calculated at
purchasing power parity (PPP), whereas the United States' is expected to grow to
$17.4 billion. In reality, China has not yet overtaken the US as the world's
largest economy.

To compare the economies of different countries, you need data. That data, in
turn, is reported by each country in its own currency, which must be converted
into a common currency (usually in US dollars). There are two main methods for
this conversion.

One method relies on market exchange rates - that is, the rates in the foreign
exchange market. As every international tourist knows, foreign destinations
exchange money only on the basis of hard cash.

The other method relies on the PPP exchange rate - that is, the rate at which
the currency of a country would have to be converted for a purchase in another
country. After all, non-traded goods and services tend to be cheaper in
low-income countries than in high-income ones. For example, a haircut is cheaper
in Shanghai than in New York.

In advanced economies, the difference between market rate and exchange rate
measurements is significant, but not huge. In emerging economies, it is
typically both significant and huge.

Measured by the market-exchange rate, the US economy was $16.2 trillion in 2013.
If the PPP is used, it was close to $17.6 trillion. Based on the market exchange
rate, the Chinese economy was less than $8.4 trillion, but if the PPP is used,
it was nearly $16.2 trillion - almost twice as large.

Based on market rates, the Chinese economy remains 55-60 percent relative to the
US GDP. So China will overtake the US in these terms, but by the 2020s - not
yet.

If the PPP concept were applied to compare entire economies, then India would
already be the world's third-richest nation having overtaken Germany in 2003 and
Japan in 2008. The Indonesian economy would be larger than that of the United
Kingdom and the Philippines economy would be bigger than Switzerland's.

If, however, you rely on GDP comparisons that are based on market exchange
rates, India is the tenth-largest economy and will need years to overtake the
US. By the same token, the Indonesian economy is about one-third of the UK
economy, whereas the Swiss economy is 2.5 times bigger than that of the
Philippines.

Huge gaps remain between the living standards in the advanced and emerging
economies. Measured by per capita GDP (PPP), living standards in the UK are
nearly four times higher relative to Indonesia, while living standards in
Switzerland are more than eight times higher than those in the Philippines.

For all practical purposes, per capita GDP, adjusted for PPP, is a better
measure of individual well-being. It makes more sense when we compare living
standards of people in different countries.

Before China launched reforms and opening-up, the living standards in the
country were only 2 percent of those in the US. Today, the comparable figure is
20-25 percent. Despite China's unprecedented economic catch-up, living standards
in the US remain four to five times higher than in China.

So why are PPP figures used to compare economies, even when not warranted?
Often, reasons are political rather than economic. Misguided comparisons shift
attention away from absolute and relative poverty in emerging economies. The
World Bank measures international poverty by $1.25 (7.66 yuan) a day, which is
not enough for a single day's meal in China, not to speak of housing and other
expenditures.

Yet the current poverty rate for a family of three persons with one child in the
US is about $19,800 - or 2.8 times the average (nominal) per capita GDP in China
(and more than 13 times the comparable figure in India).

The practice may also be in self-interest. Climate change is typically defined
in aggregate terms in the West. In this way, China and other emerging economies
are often portrayed as the greatest polluters. And yet, on a per capita basis,
people in advanced economies cause 4-5 times more pollution than their Chinese
counterparts, not to speak of poorer emerging nations.

China is not yet the world's largest economy, but it will become one by the
2020s. With a population of more than 1.3 billion, that's only to be expected.

However, higher living standards will require higher productivity. In China,
that means the completion of industrialization and the shift to a
post-industrial economy. The same goes for the urbanization rate, which in China
is close to 55 percent, whereas in advanced economies it is 80-90 percent.

China has begun the transition from cost-efficiencies to innovation but the
catch-up will take time.

Ultimately, it's higher productivity that makes possible the living standards
that really matter to people. That's what the "American dream" is all about. And
the Chinese dream is no different.

The author is research director of International Business at India China and
America Institute (USA) and visiting fellow at Shanghai Institutes for
International Studies (China) and the EU Centre (Singapore).

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

MBC to government: Address shadow economies in Mindanao

BYLINE: Jovee Marie de la Cruz

LENGTH: 420  words


THE Mindanao Business Council on Wednesday urged the government to address the
problem of the shadow economies on the island, particularly in the Autonomous
Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM), for lasting peace in the area.

MBC Chairman Vicente Lao, at the sideline of the hearing of the House ad hoc
committee on the Bangsamoro basic law (BBL), said the area has a potential to
become a multifunction hub, but without the socalled shadow economies or
informal economies."The potential of the area is very, very big, that's why we
really have to make it warfree because once we open that up, I think that will
be good for the whole island and for the whole country for that matter," he
said.

"But the national government still needs to address the problem of the shadow
economy in that area. For as long as the shadow economies persist in Mindanao,
we will have a problem," he said.

These socalled shadow economies include the proliferation of illegal firearms,
kidnapping for ransom, informal land markets, crossboarder trade, loan sharking
and illegaldrug markets.

According to the nongovernmental organization International Alert, which was
working in the Philippines since 1988 to help people find peaceful solutions to
conflict among the 17 regions of the Philippines, the ARMM has by far the
highest shares of informal income and employment.

It said the informal economy in the region has proven remarkably resilient
during the last two decades, whereas the relative size of the informal economy
has gradually declined in the other parts of the Philippines.

The group, however, added that shadow economies in the ARMM are potential
sources of wealth, power and conflict.

"[The problem is] they [shadows economies] provide local elites with economic
powerbase to advance their political ambitions. Revenues from shadow economies
can also be converted into political power. This occurs, for instance, when drug
money is used to fund political campaigns," the organization said.

"Subsequent control over political office by rentseeking elites helps
consolidate their access to the proceeds from the lucrative ventures. Shadow
economies can be a source of conflict, precisely because they embody a
significant amount of economic and political capital for local strongmen, armed
insurgents and powerful clansso the peacebuilding community must not ignore
shadow economies," the group added.

It said engaging with Mindanao's shadow economies is a strategic imperative for
peace building to be established in the Bangsamoro region.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            January 27, 2014 Monday

Emerging economies able to secure steady growth

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 667 words


DAVOS - Emerging economies are expected to maintain vigorous growth, despite
various risks and challenges, as they have started adapting themselves to the
new circumstances.

This was the consensus of political and business leaders from across the world
attending the ongoing annual meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) here in
this Swiss town.

Doubt and concerns

In spring last year, developed countries began moving out of recession. However,
due to expectations of a tapering of the US  measures, the growth of a number of
emerging economies began to slow.

As the slower growth was mixed with rising deficits, decreasing investment and
sharp fluctuations in s, pessimism has emerged and been spreading, reflecting
the doubt and concerns of both academia and the market.

Taking advantage of such worries, gloom merchants have turned up their volume,
claiming the change of direction in the global flow of capital is putting an end
to the marvel of emerging economies.

Not really, said Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff on Friday at the WEF
meeting. Rejecting the assertion that emerging economies would become anemic in
the post-crisis era as rash, she said they would remain energetic and continue
to play a contributive role.

Michael Spence, a professor at the New York University Stern School of Business,
said a way to gauge an economy's growth prospect was to find out whether it had
the resources, policy expertise and political will to restore or alter its
development mode accordingly.

In general, he noted, emerging economies passed the tests and proved to be
flexible and resilient.

Weaknesses and risks

The doubt and concerns also stem from emerging economies themselves and the
environment they face.

As noted by Yves Zlotowski, chief economist at the French Coface Group, emerging
economies suffer much from domestically originated structural problems and
financial fragility.

US monetary policy, he said, served only as a catalyst, which exacerbated the
volatility of financial markets in emerging countries.

According to Zhu Min, deputy man director of the International Monetary Fund
(IMF), emerging markets face three major risks: no major pick-up in developing
economies' growth; an end to commodity price surges, which have helped
resource-rich countries; and the structural changes of the global economy, which
are fundamentally affecting the emerging markets and developing economies.

Already aware of the risks, some emerging countries have begun to take steps to
initiate a moderate slowdown of economic growth.

Spence said China's new round of aggressive and comprehensive reform was likely
to transform the Chinese growth model and sustain future growth in the 7
percent-plus range.

Challenges and opportunities

Even though their economic growth is slowing, emerging economies are blessed
with a host of development opportunities.

As the Brazilian president noted, emerging markets are in social transformation,
with high demand for investment in energy, industry, agriculture and
infrastructure, which will lead to many investment opportunities.

Meanwhile, Rousseff said, emerging economies were trying to expand their
domestic markets, which consisted of "hundreds of millions, sometimes even
billions of consumers."

From that perspective, even if developed economies were recovering, emerging
economies would continue to play their strategic role, Rousseff said, adding the
recovery of the rich world would also "create a more favorable global economic
environment for everyone."

In order to cope with the rapidly changing global environment, emerging
economies also need to adjust their economic policies and structures.

For example, Spence said, the challenge for India was to reverse the pattern of
political gridlock and unleash a set of reforms and investments that would
restore confidence and trigger new growth potential.

In the professor's view, the growth of emerging economies will be somewhat
uneven in 2014 but is likely to pick up speed in 2015 and beyond.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Commercial Vehicle

                               December 13, 2013

Enabling fuel economy: proof, performance and practice

LENGTH: 1325  words


In this third instalment of our brief series exploring lubricants' influence on
fuel economy and vehicle compliance with emissions legislation, Lubrizol India's
Engine Oil Product Manager, Kailash Sawant, examines how lubricant testing
procedures are used to verify fuel economy performance.

Recent upward trends in diesel fuel pricing and removal of subsidies mean that
fuel pricing is becoming an increasingly significant factor in the overall
operating cost of a vehicle. Demand for fuel has also increased globally as
countries, including India, develop their infrastructure, with increasing
vehicle ownership reflecting the growing need for transportation, both of
commercial goods and passengers.



For Fleet operators the increasing proportion of operating costs contributed by
fuel is escalating and has a direct impact on the Fleet's bottom line. Measures
to improve vehicle efficiency and improve fuel economy can have a positive
impact on the Fleet economics by offsetting these increases in fuel costs to
some extent, while at the same time providing an environmental benefit from
reduced emissions.

As mentioned in the first two articles in this series, vehicle hardware and
lubricant technology developments have a key role to play in delivering improved
efficiency. The hardware and lubricant technology is also evolving due to the
need to use sophisticated exhaust after-treatment technology as a strategy to
meet increasingly stringent emissions legislation to improve air quality. Many
of these changes result in increased demands on lubricant quality to provide
increased durability under severe operating conditions, to deliver fuel economy
benefits and good after-treatment system compatibility.

As a result of these rapid developments, new vehicles are achieving fuel economy
figures that were virtually inconceivable just 10 to 15 years ago, while future
emissions targets will continue to push the boundaries of design still further
and demand even greater focus on hardware innovation.

In parallel with these new performance demands on hardware and lubricants, the
way the industry specifies and tests has evolved accordingly to ensure we have
the right performance and the right oil for todays advanced applications. High
quality lubricants are vital for the efficient, robust and reliable operation of
vehicles to reduce friction, protect moving components and help keep engines
free from potentially damaging contaminants, such as acids of combustion, soot
and deposits.

To ensure that an engine oil meets the right level of performance for modern
hardware, a broad array of engine, bench, analytical and field testing which now
not only covers hardware durability performance, but also confirms both fuel
economy benefits and exhaust after-treatment system compatibility is required.
This thorough testing regime covers all necessary aspects of lubricant
performance to ensure that the finished lubricants not only meet industry
specifications, but also perform effectively in real world applications.

As one of the most important functions of a lubricant is to reduce friction and
improve engine efficiency by minimising energy losses during combustion and the
transmission of power, then it's logical that further reducing friction should
help improve fuel economy.

Key factors in delivering improved fuel economy from a lubricant are oil
viscosity and reducing friction and drag between contacting parts - both within
the engine and the drive-train. Lower viscosity oils offer less mechanical
resistance, so helping improve engine efficiency and fuel economy. Reducing
friction between contacting parts through novel oil additive technology such as
friction modifiers can further reduce losses and improve efficiency. However,
there is a fundamental compromise between balancing improved fuel economy with
thinner oils, while still delivering adequate wear protection and hardware
durability performance. The use of modern lubricant and additive technology with
modern hardware allows this critical balance point to shift to deliver the
improved efficiencies needed without compromising durability. Given the global
drive for improved fuel economy, it may come as a surprise to learn that there
is currently no industry standard specification requirement to verify heavy duty
diesel lubricant fuel efficiency contribution. Although vehicle manufacturers
often have their own inhouse fuel economy tests and specifications, industry
specifications are not expected to include fuel economy testing until the next
upgrades or beyond.

Recognising a need to be able to accurately measure real-world fuel economy
benefits for heavy-duty applications to develop and prove the benefits of new
engine oil additive and formulation technologies, Lubrizol have independently
developed tests to help identify exactly what impact an advanced lubricant
formulation can have on a commercial vehicle's fuel economy and provide
realistic measures of the fuel saving potential. Using a fully instrumented
European 440BHP Euro 4 tractor unit, a range of vehicle operating parameters
were studied, including:

* Ambient temperature

* Engine speed and road speed

* Oil temperature

* Air inlet temperature

* Fuel consumption

* Engine torque

In fuel economy testing, precise control over test repeatability and
measurements is a critical factor in success. Using testing know-how developed
over many years, minimisation of testing variables was achieved to allow
realistic comparison between different oils. Initial controlled tests at the
UK's Motor Industries Research Association tracks, provided detailed benchmark
data between conventional SAE 15W-40 reference oils and two SAE 5W-30 enhanced
fuel economy candidate oils. This testing proved successful allowing clear
demonstration of the fuel economy savings potential of the new oils, as well as
allowing aspects of the testing procedure to be refined and enhanced for even
greater accuracy. On road testing in the UK then followed, which covered an
identical test route for each lubricant. While the initial results showed that
up to a 1.6% fuel economy benefit could be achieved on road, a key achievement
was establishing that on road fuel economy measurement was feasible.

With these encouraging results under road conditions, a much larger scale field
test was run in Northern Europe using the same instrumented tractor unit with a
44 Tonne trailer.

The same oils were tested on three different routes, which each had differing
terrains and conditions. On each route, there was a clear benefit in fuel
economy measure when comparing the conventional SAE 15W-40 reference oil to the
best of the best of the SAE 5W-30 fuel economy candidate oils oil:

* Route A = 3.5% benefit

* Route B = 3.0% benefit

* Route C = 1.4% benefit

However, probably the most relevant figure from a fleet operator perspective, is
the overall economy figure when the results are combined, which showed a 2.6%
benefit averaged across the three test routes. This may not seem to be a large
benefit, but when applied to the Fleet fuel costs and multiplied by the number
of vehicles in the fleet, this can add up to a very significant saving!

It is clear that the hardware, duty-cycle and operating environment will all
have impact on the absolute fuel economy benefits for different applications,
however the principle of delivering improved fuel economy through advanced
lubricant technology is universal. Given the current global trend towards
legislation around improving fuel economy, it's likely fuel economy testing and
specification limits will be introduced or even regionally mandated. In the
meantime, the industry can rest assured that high quality advanced lubricant
formulations and the testing know-how is being developed to deliver significant
improvements in fuel economy performance. This will be a valuable contributor to
overall vehicle fuel efficiency improvements in the future and to reduced fleet
operating costs.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2013 Next Gen Publishing, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

China has many tools to avoid hard landing

BYLINE: Jiang Shixue

SECTION: COMMENT

LENGTH: 956 words


Releasing domestic demand will ensure the country maintains sustainable and
balanced growth

The saying used to be that if the United States sneezed, the rest of the world
caught a cold. However the influence of the US economy on the global economy
seems to be waning, as the US slowdown has had little discernible effect on
growth in most other countries, except its neighbors, Canada and Mexico.

The conclusion is that the spillover effects of the US economic slowdown are
limited and the global economy in the future might decouple from the US economy.

It has also been said that in the 1990s, whenever the world caught a cold,
emerging markets got pneumonia.

But when the G7 economies got pneumonia in 2008, emerging economies just caught
a cold. When the US sub-prime mortgage crisis developed into a global financial
crisis, emerging economies, without exception, were subject to the impact of
this financial tsunami; however, the intensity was less than expected.

Through introducing large-scale stimulus plans, emerging economies realized
recovery in a relatively short period of time.

Recently, however, thanks to the cyclical changes of primary product prices in
the world market, the sluggish US economy and the European debt crisis and other
adverse factors, economic growth in emerging economies has slowed and there is
increasing concern about the growth prospects of emerging economies. This comes
after a decade of surging growth, in which they have led a global boom and then
helped pull the world economy forward in the face of the financial crisis.

The slowing of China's economic growth in the largest emerging market and the
world's second-largest economy has aroused worldwide concern. People are asking
whether China's economic slowdown will result in a hard landing, and whether the
government's reform program will be derailed by complex social problems. Will
the China model become synonymous with failure? Will the global economy slow
even more due to China's economic malaise?

However, people should have confidence in China's economic growth.

The current slowdown in China is the result of the country's efforts to
transform its economic growth pattern. After more than 30 years of high growth,
China can no longer afford to continue with its old development model of exports
and high investment. It must find a balance between steady growth, structural
readjustment and further reform.

Since taking office in March, the new Chinese leadership has made the pursuit of
steady growth, improvement of people's livelihoods and the promotion of social
fairness its policy priorities. China's current moderate economic slowing is the
result of the absence of big stimulus measures, structural reforms, the
streamlining of administration, accelerated urbanization and deleveraging.

China's economic fundamentals are strong, as its 7.6 percent GDP annual growth
in the first half of this year shows. China is facing new challenges, such as
local government debt and overcapacity in some industries, but these problems
are still manageable. In addition, both the 5 percent surveyed unemployment rate
and 2.4 percent inflation rate are reasonable and manageable.

In fact, to prevent excessive fluctuations in economic growth, the Chinese
government has defined upper and lower limits for the country's economic
performance. The upper limit is meant to prevent inflation and the lower limit
is intended to ensure steady growth and employment.

The government has and will continue to adopt a variety of measures to avoid a
hard landing. For example, it will continue to advance reforms of the fiscal and
tax systems, financial sector and pricing, and further streamline government and
delegate power, develop a mixed ownership economy and strengthen innovation.

As Premier Li Keqiang has said, China's population comprises a market of huge
potential and expansion of domestic demand will continue to be one of the main
priorities for the government, which will seek to stimulate consumer demand
through reform of income distribution, further urbanization and energetically
developing the service industry. Meanwhile, China will keep a reasonable level
of investment with priority given to energy conservation, environmental
protection, railway projects in the central and western regions, and municipal
facilities.

The Chinese economy will also continue to become more closely linked with the
global economy. Over the past 30 years, the global economy has benefited from
China's rapid development and the Chinese economy has benefited from the global
economy. With globalization accelerating, China will continue its opening-up.

In addition to the introduction of foreign investment, the government is
encouraging more enterprises to invest abroad, and it will continue to support
the Doha round of trade negotiations, work for the signing of bilateral free
trade agreements, and explore new ways of opening China to the outside world.

Of course, the world economy still faces uncertainties. The anticipation that
some developed countries will end their quantitative easing monetary policies
has caused huge capital backflows out of emerging economies, resulting in stock
market and foreign exchange fluctuations in many Asian countries. But the G20
summit in St Petersburg delivered a positive and powerful signal that developed
countries and emerging economies are committed to taking decisive actions to
return to a path of strong, sustainable and balanced growth. China will play an
important role in this process.

The author is a research fellow with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. The
views do not necessarily reflect those of China Daily.

(China Daily European Weekly 09/20/2013 page11)

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Netanyahu: We are fed by business sector taxes;
Prime Minister: The business sector and its ability to compete on Israeli and
international markets are added value for the Israeli economy.

BYLINE: Globes' correspondent

LENGTH: 295 words


"Israel has a very strong economy, and a very strong and creative business
sector. That is why we are doing our utmost to stay responsible in macroeconomic
policy management. The economy needs budget discipline on one hand, while
constantly encouraging the business sector," said Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu at the Economix.il conference of the Tel Aviv and Central Chamber of
Commerce. "Globes" is the media sponsor of the event.

Netanyahu said that the business sector and its ability to compete on Israeli
and international markets was added value for the Israeli economy. "Innovation,
entrepreneurship, and business sector performance are the reasons why the
Israeli economy has succeeded in growing in recent years, while most strong
economies in Europe are struggling. In the end, we are all fed by the receipts
and taxes paid by the business sector, and it is the force that drives the
Israeli economy."

Linking education and economics, Netanyahu added, "Education must help the
economy, and the economy must help education. Education without a free economy
will not go far, and a free economy without education will not achieve its full
potential. That is why a sophisticated integration by the two, education and the
economy, is necessary."

As for the business sector, Netanyahu said, "Without the business sector there
is no growth, no differentiation, and no advantage of the Israeli economy. All
state and government systems, including the health, education, and welfare
system, and local authorities, depend on the business sector, its productivity
and creativity, which drives the Israeli economy to growth."

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
June 12, 2012

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2012

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            February 12, 2012 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

BIZ VOICE;
Fragile economy faces risks

BYLINE: Edgar Ortiz; For the AJC

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 750 words


The recovery of the U.S. economy is gaining momentum with a larger than expected
number of new jobs created, improved business optimism and a respectable 2.8
percent growth in the nation's GDP.

The economy added 243,000 new jobs in January, exceeding expectations. This jolt
in job creation brought the unemployment rate down to 8.3 percent, its lowest
level since February 2009 and fifth consecutive monthly decrease.

The small business confidence index rose to 93.8 in December, improving for four
straight months, according to the National Federation of Independent Business.

This lift in optimism among small business owners suggests that their concerns
the economy was stalling and headed for a second recession are subsiding.

Although the economy is gaining momentum, the pace of job creation is not
sufficient to make a dent in the record number of 12.8 million Americans without
jobs, 5.5 million of whom have been unemployed six months or longer.

The recovery remains fragile and faces threats on several fronts: anemic growth
in the small business sector, the deepening of the fiscal crisis in the
eurozone, slowing growth in China, and a disruption of oil supplies due to a
potential military confrontation with Iran over its nuclear program.

Weak economy hurts

The sputtering economy of the last four years in the aftermath of the Great
Recession of 2007 has hit the 30 million U.S. small businesses hard,
contributing to slower sales, declining revenues, shrinking profits and an
unprecedented increase in the number of business failures.

A healthy and vibrant small business sector is at the core of a sustained
economic recovery.

While government policies made it easy for large banks and big businesses to get
access to capital, the few programs implemented to help small businesses have
been mostly ineffective.

Although conditions are gradually improving, tighter regulatory scrutiny and
stricter underwriting standards are making it difficult for small businesses to
get access to the credit lines and capital needed to run and finance their
operations. Government bailouts funded with taxpayers' money were good for Wall
Street but did little for Main Street.

Global threat

The world economy is slowing down with growth projected at only 3 percent in
2012 and 2013, a pace slower than the past couple of years.

This decline in global growth represents a significant threat to the recovery of
the U.S. economy, which could suffer a setback due to the tight interdependency
of financial and economic relationships with the European and Chinese economies.

Europe: The intensifying fiscal strains and ongoing shocks from Europe's
sovereign debt crisis are a threat to the recovery of the U.S. economy. The
European Union, besides being the world's largest economy, accounting for more
than 30 percent of world GDP, is also the United States' largest export market.
Slower growth in Europe translates into slower demand for U.S. products. A
decline in demand from Europe can exacerbate problems on Main Street since small
and medium-sized enterprises account for 98 percent of the U.S. export value.

China: The impact of sluggish growth in the U.S. economy and unresolved
sovereign debt crisis in Europe is putting a damper on the growth of the Chinese
economy, which recently experienced a reduction in GDP growth to 8.5 percent
from more than 10 percent in prior years. A further slowdown in GDP growth can
send damaging ripples throughout the world economy, curtailing the demand for
Western-produced capital goods.

Encouraging signs

The market uncertainties from the deepening fiscal crisis in the eurozone,
slowdown of the Chinese economy and potential military confrontation with Iran
are examples of the susceptibility of the U.S. economy to world shocks.

Growing the economy in this "new normal" of persistent market volatility and
competing economic and geopolitical interests calls for new thinking and a
comprehensive national agenda that builds on our nation's strengths: innovation,
a strong manufacturing sector, revitalized small businesses, improved
educational system, living within our means and a strong national defense.
Although the economy is showing some improvements, we are not out of the woods
yet and much more needs to be done to put the economy in its path to sustained
recovery.

Edgar Ortiz is CEO of Strategic Analytic Solutions LLC, a management consulting
firm and director of strategic planning at West Mountain LLC, a multistrategy
investment hedge fund, both in Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Edgar Ortiz is CEO of Strategic Analytic Solutions LLC, a
management consulting firm and director of strategic planning at West Mountain
LLC, a multi-strategy investment hedge fund, both in Atlanta. /ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              465 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                              July 18, 2011 Monday

Big black box

LENGTH: 955  words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, July 18 -- The economy will grow at five percent", Bharat M Adhikari told
the parliament during his budget speech. But Nepali Congress leader and
ex-finance minister Ram Sharan Mahat dismissed the claim as a flight of fancy.
The Maoist leader Baburam Bhattarai, for his part, was not as harsh as Mahat,
but his doubt about the projected growth rate was evident in his reaction. Their
divergences aside, the economy for all of them, and a lot of others, is a
naturally good entity. By implication, their duty is to make it grow.

The economy is a product of calculations.

British economist J. M. Keynes pioneered these calculations in the early
twentieth century. During the last century, hundreds of thousands of high
schools, and tens of thousands of colleges and universities have produced men
and women who do these calculations and make sense out of them. Almost all the
states in the world now have annual rituals of calculating the economy. They
have specialised to collect data and process them. There are big international
involved in doing these calculations. Television and radio talk shows, newspaper
articles, reports from journalists, seminar room talks and informal gossips in
homes, chowks and cafes have made this entity ubiquitous in popular
conversations. Most of us have taken its existence for granted.

Peer through the black box of numerical calculations, and the economy appears
like a naked emperor in front of whom grown-up economists and other learned men
and women line up to salivate over the beauty and elegance of the emperor's
non-existent clothes. In Anderson's story, it was the innocent child who called
the bluff of the grown-ups. We just need to see what gets included and excluded
in the calculations.

Men and women exchange money in buying and selling goods and services in the
market. Those goods and services need to be produced and distributed. The
economy is the summation of these exchanges. The economy does not tell us
whether those goods and services are good for life. And the economy excludes
huge chunks of our exchanges that are necessary for life.

Let's talk about the absurdity of the rules of inclusion in the calculations. In
real life not everybody produces for the market all the time and not everything
is bought and sold with the money. This is where the catch is. If you drink
water from the nearby spring, it does not get added to the economy. As soon as
it gets bottled and sold in the market, it bloats the economy a bit. You enjoy a
beautiful vista of a river in public land and there is no addition to the
economy. Raise your kid either at home or through cooperative exchange labour in
your community, and you do not contribute to the economy; send him/her to day
care, and you do. If you grow your own food for your own consumption, you do not
contribute to the economy. Same goes with the labour you exchange through
cooperative arrangements. If you cook your own meal it does not add to the
economy. If you eat in a restaurant, it does. When you breathe fresh air, it
does not go into the making of your economy. Oxygen spas are different things in
our suffocating urbanscapes. If you build your own house with your own labour,
then there is no contribution. The list goes on and on. The crux of the matter
is that the summation of real life exchanges are literally far bigger than what
gets counted in the economy.

It is not the matter of exclusion alone, though. The economic exchanges have
definitely made it easier for people to satisfy a lot of their pressing needs.
For a lot of people, goods and services in the markets have made life a lot more
comfortable than would have been possible if people had to produce everything
they needed. It is also true that a lot of what gets counted in the economy are
either unnecessary in life or in fact are destructive. Packaged junk foods
immediately come to my mind. Their consumption has contributed to malnutrition
among both the rich and the poor kids. Their packaging chokes rivers and streams
and poisons the land. They form a big proportion of Kathmandu's garbage. An
increasing number of young people are suffering from heart problems and
hypertension because of goods produced in the economy. The number of people
suffering from diabetes has shot up. Most house paints are toxic soups.

The most absurd thing is that all these destructive exchanges have become
further sources of shoring up the economy. The bad transportation in Kathmandu
creates pollution, but the more cars you sell, the bigger the economy is. If
people walk to work or to the market, they are lousy contributors. The air and
noise pollution from vehicles choking up our streets has contributed to alarming
levels of heart attacks, hypertension and accidents. The health sector is
perhaps the most visibly booming sector in Nepal. Drug sales have gone up.
Nursing home fees have spiraled out of control. Doctors are making big bucks.
Surgery equipment sells big time. The 'Health sector' has become a big chunk of
the economy.

The creation of this black box called the economy is perhaps the biggest
accounting sleight of hand in human history. In fact, this black boxed economy
has become the reason for politicians' and economists' existence. Bharat Mohan
Adhikari, Ram Sharan Mahat and Baburam Bhattarai could get away with this as
long as the economy remains in the black box. See through what it is made of and
they appear to be modern simpletons standing in front of the emperor who has
been wearing a non-existent magical silk garment. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                August 16, 2009
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Britain will need a global recovery to keep growing;
Asia's economies could provide the engine of growth for the world as long as
they do not pin their hopes on exports, writes Andrew Sentance

BYLINE: Andrew Sentance

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1052 words


The Bank of England released its latest Inflation Report last Wednesday. Since
the previous report in May, the UK's Office for National Statistics has produced
new estimates for GDP showing the recession has been deeper than thought. But
looking ahead, there are grounds for optimism.

The big shock to confidence inflicted by the banking crisis last autumn appears
to be fading and consumer and business confidence have recovered significantly
during the first half of this year. The stock market has risen strongly since
March and the housing market appears to be turning. We may also be seeing an
easing in the rundown in stocks of unsold goods in key sectors of manufacturing.

I expect to see a return to growth in the second half of this year, as the UK
economy responds to the stimulus from low interest rates, a competitive exchange
rate, government tax and spending measures, an improving global economic
environment and the more recent Bank policy of quantitative easing. However,
there are two big uncertainties over how quickly Britain will recover.

The first is the extent to which constraints on bank lending will hold back
spending and business activity. In recoveries from previous post-war recessions,
the banking system was in a better position to boost lending. As banks seek to
rebuild their balance sheets, there is a risk they could dampen consumer and
business spending.

The second is the momentum of recovery across the global economy. Throughout my
time on the Monetary Policy Committee, global economic developments have had a
significant impact on the UK. The recession created by the global financial
crisis is the most striking example - though this earthquake was preceded by a
series of tremors in the international economy going back to the late 1990s: the
Asian crisis; the bursting of the dotcom bubble; the impact of war; and a wave
of energy and commodity price inflation in the mid-2000s.

Britain has always been a highly international economy, but in the increasingly
globalised world economy of the 1990s and 2000s, these links became stronger.
Global manufacturing supply chains have linked the fortunes of Asia and other
emerging economies to the spending patterns of consumers in Europe and the US.
At the same time, global financial markets have transmitted subprime losses in
the American mortgage market to banks around the world.

These global economic links have not only played a large part in triggering the
recession, they are also an important influence on the UK's recovery prospects
and the outlook for inflation. So what are the prospects for global recovery?

Three key points stand out. First, most advanced economies are showing evidence
of a bottoming out already seen in Britain. In the US and the eurozone, the
downturn has eased significantly, according to GDP data for the second quarter,
with Germany and France actually recording small rises in output.

Second, there has been a general turnaround in business surveys and confidence
indicators. Surveys of purchasing managers - wellestablished barometers of
business activity in leading economies - bottomed out in the early months of the
year. In the manufacturing industry these indicators are now close to signalling
modest growth.

Third, the upswing in the global economy is being led by Asia. The strongest
economic indicators in recent months have been in Asian economies. China
recorded a pick-up in annual growth from just over 6% in the first quarter of
this year to nearly 8% in the second quarter. Both South Korea and Singapore
have also recorded strong bounces in output. This week, India reported
industrial production up nearly 8% on a year ago with strong readings from its
latest business surveys.

It is tempting to be sceptical of these developments as the product of
unreliable data (in the case of China) and a bounce in output driven by the
stock cycle. But I believe there is a good case for a much more positive
interpretation of Asia's recent recovery. The negative influences that might
pose a drag on growth in America and Europe - weak banks and large government
deficits - are less likely to constrain Asian economies.

These economies did not suffer from the banking crisis directly: they were
indirect casualties of the confidence shock that is now unwinding. Asian
governments have also built up strong public finances over the past decade,
which puts them in a good position to use fiscal policies to support demand,
with China leading the way. Many Asian economies also have strong supply-side
basics supportive of growth - large labour supplies, flexible economies and
potential to catch up with the levels of productivity in richer countries.

Forecasters generally expect the Asian economies to power ahead next year. The
prospects for global recovery depend on whether Asia can become a true engine of
global growth, not simply by meeting demand from America and Europe, but
propelled by spending and investment in a region that is home to 60% of the
world's population.

Against this background, it is possible to envisage two scenarios for the world
economy. In the first, recovery in confidence is not sustained and growth in
America and the leading European economies is held back by the weakness of the
financial sector. And because Asian economies are looking to export markets for
growth, they are unable to provide an alternative engine for the world economy.
Growth is likely to disappoint at home and abroad. UK inflation will tend to
remain below target, justifying a prolonged period of loose monetary policy.

Recent growth trends in Asia raise the prospect of a second scenario in which
recovery creates a more sustained momentum of growth. Recovery in some
over-indebted economies - notably America - may be subdued by the legacy of the
financial crisis. But consumption and investment in economies less directly
affected by these problems - notably China, India and other Asian economies -
provide an alternative engine of demand for the global economy.

At this stage, it is not possible to predict which scenario will unfold. But
over the next couple of years it will be clearer which economic world we are in,
and monetary policy in Britain and around the globe must respond accordingly. n
Andrew Sentance is a member of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On the up: China has seen growth rise by 2% in the first quarter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                                  May 04, 2004

Social economy often undervalued;

BYLINE: Pauline McClenaghan

SECTION:  Pg. 24

LENGTH: 923 words


The consultation period on the government's three-year strategy to find a more
integrated approach to the development of Northern Ireland's social economy ends
this Friday.

Pauline McClenaghan looks at the importance of the sector in the north

NORTHERN Ireland's economy is often criticised as underperforming but there are
causes for celebration within our economic performance - specifically the
success of the social economy, which accounts for between 30,000 and 50,000
jobs, making the sector at least as large as tourism and construction.

While our mainstream businesses have sometimes struggled to survive in a climate
scarred by years of conflict, geographical marginalisation and high
distribution, energy and insurance costs, it has often been left to the social
economy to provide services and jobs for much of Northern Ireland.

Not only do social economy enterprises - businesses trading to fulfil a social
purpose - offer in some instances higher levels of motivation to those involved,
they can also survive on lower margins because most do not pay shareholder
dividends.

Sadly, though, the contribution of the social economy is often overlooked in
Northern Ireland. It is an asset which should be valued not just by communities
but by profit-led businesses which gain from social enterprises' contribution to
overall economic performance.

This lesson is recognised in other parts of the world. I have just returned from
speaking at a conference in Japan about how community development can evolve
into economic development.

A chief executive of one of Northern Ireland's leading social enterprises spoke
recently to a conference in Lithuania, offering a role model for economic
development in deprived areas of the new European Union member states.

But social economy organisations - represented in the Social Economy Network -
are keen to have their contribution to the wider economy properly recognised.
Happily, government departments do recognise this, which is why the Department
of Trade and Industry and the Department for Social Development provide funding
to our network as a body for social economy organisations to come together and
to have their voice converted into government policy through the Social Economy
Forum.

Social economy enterprises come in many forms but their role remains of huge
importance as Northern Ireland's economy continues its transformation.

There are credit unions, social housing providers, cooperatives, community
businesses, charities with trading arms, intermediate labour market providers
and development trusts which lead the regeneration of deprived areas. Each of
these can play a vital role in building Northern Ireland's economy over coming
years.

Equally, they should be seen as a permanent part of a healthy economy.

Similar trading organisations play positive and significant roles in many mature
economies - Canada and Japan, for instance. Social economy enterprises are also
responsible for a very large proportion of gross domestic product generation in
many EU countries, particularly Italy, France, Spain and Sweden.

The EU itself recognises that social enterprises are particularly adept at
addressing various service needs, including childcare, material recycling,
personal social services and the retraining of people excluded over the
long-term from the labour market.

These are all service sectors which need to expand in Northern Ireland to meet
rising demand.

Northern Ireland also faces the challenge of reorganising its public sector,
with a likely change in the way public services are provided as a result of the
review of public administration.

Social economy enterprises may be called upon to play an important role in the
future of public services, with the recognition that - as is happening
increasingly in England - social enterprises can be a means of combining the
public service ethos with a more effective approach to income generation.

While some social economy organisations receive ongoing subsidy, many are
subsidy-free.

Others operate in a middle area of being contracted to the public sector to
provide defined services in return for an agreed fee - in much the same way that
many private sector businesses provide services to government.

Some social economy organisations - and Creggan Enterprise's Rath Mor Centre in
Derry is an example - not only provide services and jobs but reinvest thousands
of pounds in profits into the wider community.

Others - such as Lisburn Self-Build - begin with a single social enterprise
providing socially useful services and then create a network of related
self-sufficient businesses. Some, and the John Hewitt pub in Belfast is perhaps
an example, go on successfully with most customers unaware that they are
socially motivated businesses.

Social economy enterprises are sustained by positive values and the commitment
of their members.

They are capable of being extremely innovative and are typically the result of
collaboration between a variety of interested parties which may include the
private sector.

This collaborative model of development is something from which government and
many profit-orientated businesses could learn.

All of Northern Ireland should welcome the size and strength of our social
economy. It is to the credit of government ministers that they wish not merely
to consolidate but further expand the sector. The gains to be achieved from
building on our successful foundations could be immense.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUCCESS STORY: The John Hewitt pub in Belfast city centre is a good
example of a socially motivated business

                     Copyright 2004 The Irish News Limited


                              468 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  June 4, 2001

Rethink urged in leaders' rush for knowledge

BYLINE: Eric Ng

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 520 words


Governments should not deliberately push for the creation of the so-called
"knowledge economy" but focus on building the necessary conditions for it to
happen naturally, according to the head of a leading Taiwanese technology firm.

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing founder and chairman Morris Chang Chung-mou
said government leaders should not feel that they had no choice but to
fundamentally transform their economies to meet the challenges of an
increasingly technology-driven world economy.

"I think we have a choice," Mr Chang said.

"Unless you build up the right conditions (for the creation of a knowledge
economy) . . . don't deliberately push for it.

"Before you change all those (conditions), I think knowledge economy is just a
slogan. In fact, it's a dangerous slogan."

According to Mr Chang, because the "knowledge economy is not about knowledge . .
. but about converting knowledge to profit", not all countries have to strive to
be original innovators to develop a knowledge economy.

Taiwan Semiconductor is the world's largest company making chips under contract
for other semiconductor firms.

Mr Chang, who has 45 years of corporate experience in the micro-electronics
industry in the United States and Taiwan, gave the warning in a speech during a
Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce luncheon last week.

His comment followed calls by Hong Kong Government officials in the past few
years to transform the SAR's service-oriented economy into a knowledge-based one
to remain competitive.

Mr Chang said that as long as governments established the right social and
economic environment, incentive-driven individuals would develop and execute
business ideas on their own initiative, which helps create a knowledge-based
economy.

"(It is a myth that the) knowledge economy can be promoted or pushed
independently of its environment," he said.

"The economy is the result of the political, human resources, legal and social
environment."

He gave three key necessary conditions for a knowledge economy to happen.

They were an education system that encouraged independent thinking and life
-long learning; a social system that encouraged "self-reliance" instead of
dependence on the government; and an economic system which ensured fair
competition.

"Without them, (society) would degenerate into a jungle," he said.

He also dismissed the belief of some people - what he called a myth - that the
United States' unprecedented period of high economic growth and low unemployment
in the seven years to last year, was due mainly to the country's creation of a
knowledge economy.

Contributions from the sound fiscal (taxation and government spending) policy of
the US, well-managed monetary (money supply and interest rate) policy and the
rapid globalisation of the world economy in the past decade, would come before
the knowledge economy, Mr Chang said.

"(The) knowledge economy, in my view, can take some of the credit . . . but
certainly (it is) not the primary cause," he said.

'Knowledge economy is just a slogan, in fact a dangerous slogan'

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2001 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              469 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               April 21, 1989, FRIDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

CANDIDATE SUES POLITICIAN OVER LACK OF SUPPORT

BYLINE: Charles Bosworth Jr. Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 507 words


An unsuccessful candidate for supervisor in Venice Township is seeking more than
$50,000 in punitive damages from the township highway commissioner in a suit
over campaign support.  Andy Economy of Madison filed the suit against Highway
Commissioner Eddie Lee Salmond of Eagle Park Acres in Madison County Circuit
Court in Edwardsville on April 14. Economy charged that he had paid $1,800 to
Salmond, who was re-elected commissioner on a slate with another supervisor
candidate.  The $1,800 and another $1,300 in additional expenses were paid as
part of an agreement that Salmond would work in Economy's campaign, the suit
says.  The suit does not say what work Salmond was supposed to have performed.
It charges that Salmond did not work for Economy's election, violating the
agreement and leading to Economy's demand for repayment of the $3,100.  The suit
also charges that Salmond got the money ''under false pretenses'' because he
never intended to support Economy. The suit seeks punitive damages of $50,000 on
that allegation.  But Salmond denied that he had agreed to support Economy and
said he never was paid any money by Economy. Salmond said Economy knew that
Salmond was running on a slate with the candidate who was elected supervisor,
Richard J.  Paterson .  ''Andy Economy tried to buy me out of the slate and I
refused,'' Salmond said. ''He did not give me any money - not one dime.''
Salmond said he would file a countersuit against Economy if he proceded with his
suit. While talking to a reporter on the telephone on Wednesday, Salmond set up
a conference call to Economy and told him the reporter was on the line.  Salmond
asked Economy, ''Are you telling people you paid me $3,100?'' Economy replied,
''No, I'm not.'' When asked by the reporter about the suit, Economy referred
questions to his attorney who filed it, Thomas Hildebrand of Granite City.
Hildebrand was unavailable.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              470 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                             January 9, 2015 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Market access increasingly gains importance

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 417 words


Market access is increasingly gaining importance in developing countries for
several reasons. It affords an opportunity for reducing poverty; improving food
security; creating and strengthening income; and generating employment and job
retention. Market access can also benefit most small businesses and enterprises,
semi-subsistence producers and consumers. It can be used to promote economic
justice and empowerment for women, who participate significantly in many
informal activities such as agriculture and local trading.

In Papua New Guinea (PNG), many important sources of income and livelihoods such
as market trade are regarded as informal or even illegal, and - more critically
- the importance of the roles of the market and informal economy are not given
due recognition. Despite the large extent of engagement of the local population
in the informal economy (INA, 2001), it is yet too limited in scope, variety and
contribution to national output (Conroy, 2011). Therefore, there is a need to
give priority to the development of the

informal sector and the local economy. In 2011, a National Informal Economy
Policy was put in place to boost the informal economy to be a full and
legitimate partner of the formal economy in PNG. The objective is to position
the informal economy as the grassroots expression of private enterprise from two
arms': financial inclusion and public goods (The Independent State of PNG,
2011). The policy also explicitly supports the transition of the rural economy
from subsistence agriculture to high-value market activities, and the
incorporation of household farming activities into supply chains. While studies
have illustrated the extent to which the informal economy contributes to
household incomes and livelihoods, the process by which informal and micro
businesses become formal businesses and contribute to the local economy at large
remains a concern. This research aims to contribute to the implementation of the
National Informal Economy Policy from the perspective of women's participation
and business advancement in the local market or economy. It addresses questions
such as:

What value/supply chains exist for local products in the markets and who are the
stakeholders in the supply chain?

What are the assets that businesswomen possess?

What are the factors and constraints in women's advancement from semi
subsistence to more

established microenterprises and small business?

The research identifies the linkages between rural production and markets.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          September 3, 2003 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Lavish spenders rally to the economy's rescue

BYLINE: Matt Wade

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 516 words


War, epidemic and the global downturn brought Australia's economy to a
standstill in the June quarter, but resilient local consumers stopped it going
backwards.

The economy defied expectations of a contraction and grew by a meagre 0.1 per
cent in the quarter, the weakest result since the December quarter of 2000. This
left the annual growth rate at 2 per cent only the third time in a decade it has
dipped that low.

Official GDP growth figures released by the Bureau of Statistics yesterday
showed a striking split in the economy, with a massive slump in exports
counterbalanced by strong domestic demand.

Consumer spending ensured the growth did not evaporate altogether, rising a
robust 1.2 per cent in the quarter. But the sagging world economy, along with
drought and the stronger Australian dollar, slashed exports by 4.7 per cent in
the quarter the second biggest fall for 15 years. which helped drag down growth.

The SARS health scare contributed to a 9.4 per cent fall in service exports,
with travel services slumping 17 per cent.

This tug-of-war between domestic strength and external weakness left quarterly
growth close to zero.

Macquarie Bank economist Brian Redican said: "Over the last year, the Australian
economy has endured one of its weakest periods of growth since the 1991
recession."

But CommSec senior analyst Craig James said that while growth in the quarter was
minuscule, Australia had withstood recent global shocks better than many
economies across Asia and Europe. "The Australian economy sailed into a perfect
storm in the June quarter and came out battered, but not defeated," he said.

The Treasurer, Peter Costello, said he was pleased that the economy grew at all
in the June quarter considering the raft of obstacles.

"This is a time of war and drought and severe epidemic. And the fact that you
can continue growing at all indicates the resilience of the economy," he said.

But the shadow treasurer, Mark Latham, said falling productivity and a negative
savings ratio were bad signs for the economy.

While the Iraq war hurt tourism and may have undermined export demand, the
involvement of Australian troops also helped buoy the economy in the quarter.

Military spending rose 2.6 per cent in the quarter for an annual growth rate 13
per cent.

Defence spending is up 34 per cent in two years.

The drought is exacting a big toll, with the figures showing agricultural income
down 37 per cent in the quarter to be down 71 per cent through the year.

The divergence in trends in the economy has been a factor in the Reserve Bank's
decision to leave interest rates unchanged since last June.

The Reserve's board met yesterday and analysts believe it will announce today
that rates have been left on hold for another month despite yesterday's weak
growth figures.

In year-average terms, the economy grew 2.7 per cent in 2002-03, slightly below
the Government's official budget forecast for growth of 3 per cent.

Economists believe the June quarter marked a low point for the economy and many
expect growth to accelerate as the effects of drought recede and the world
economy picks up.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: GROWTH SLIDE Australian GDP Annual, Quarterly 89-03 Source: ABS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2003 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 994 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Economies of Egypt, Pakistan may surpass Canada by 2050: study; PWC forecasts
some developed countries could lose ground to emerging nations

BYLINE: Yadullah Hussain, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. N8

LENGTH: 743 words


The economies of emerging market minnows Egypt and Pakistan could surpass the
Canadian economy by 2050, according to a "brave" new report by management
consultancy PricewaterhouseCoopers.

"By 2050, emerging economies such as Mexico and Indonesia are likely to be
larger than the U.K. and France, while Pakistan and Egypt could overtake Italy
and Canada," PWC said in a report published Tuesday.

The findings - based on gross domestic product purchasing power parity (PPP)
terms - also forecast India will replace the United States as the world's second
largest economy after China by 2050.

According to the measure, Canada is ranked as the 17th largest economy, but by
2030 the country will slip to No. 18 and by 2050 to No. 22. Egypt will move to
the No. 15 place and Pakistan right behind it.

Despite the Canadian economy's diminished status, the country's GDP will roughly
double to US$3.1 trillion by 2050 from its current level. The PWC forecast seems
incredulous as Egypt's GDP based on the more common market exchange rates (MER)
stood at US$340 billion and Pakistan a mere US$284 billion in 2016. By contrast,
Canada's US$1.5 trillion massive economy placed it as the 10th-largest in the
world.

By PwC's MER measure, Canada's GDP will slip to No. 17 by 2050, only narrowly
beating both Egypt (No. 18) and Pakistan (19).

PWC argues that the PPP method is more appropriate for long-term forecasts as
"price levels are significantly lower in emerging economies so looking at GDP at
PPPs narrows the income gap with the advanced economies compared to using market
exchange rates."

The consultancy notes that "it might seem brave to opine on economic prospects
for 2017, let alone 2050," after a year of major political shocks with the
Brexit vote and the election of U.S. President Donald Trump.

"However, I still think it is important to take a longer term view of global
economic prospects that looks beyond the short-term ups and downs of the
economic and political cycle, which are indeed very difficult to forecast,"
wrote John Hawksworth, chief economist, PWC U.K., in the report.

Instead, the consultancy focused on fundamental drivers of growth, such as
demographics and productivity, which in turn is driven by technological progress
and diffused through international trade and investment, Hawksworth said.

Canada is not the only developed economy losing ground to emerging economies on
the world stage. Japan would lose its coveted fourth spot to Indonesia by 2050,
according to PWC. Germany, United Kingdom and France will also make way for
rising economic powers Brazil, Russia, and Mexico to be among the Top 10 largest
economies.

PWC warns that while emerging countries may benefit from strong population
growth, their progress will depend on being able to generate enough jobs for
young people in their countries.

"If they cannot do this, it could be a cause of political instability. For all
these countries, therefore, our projections should be seen as indicating the
potential for growth, rather than a guarantee that this potential will be
realized," PWC warned.

While some emerging economies will likely stumble and fail to realize their
potential, the overall tilt toward emerging economies is unlikely to be
interrupted thanks to their surging young populations, massive infrastructure
requirements, and scope for development unlike most saturated and aging
developed economies.

China has already overtaken the U.S. to be the largest economy based on GDP in
PPP terms, and could be the largest valued at market exchange rates before 2030.

The seven most advanced nations - the so-called G7, comprising Canada, the U.S.,
Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, France and Italy - will see their share of
the world's GDP shrink to about 20 per cent in 2050 from 30 per cent currently.

PWC projects the global economy to double by 2050, growing at an annual growth
rate of 2.6 per cent, largely fuelled by population growth and infrastructure
needs of emerging economies.

"We expect this growth to be driven largely by emerging market and developing
countries, with the E7 economies of Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Mexico,
Russia and Turkey growing at an annual average rate of almost 3.5 per cent over
the next 34 years, compared to just 1.6 per cent for the advanced G7 nations of
Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the U.K. and the U.S.," PWC said.

Financial Post yhussain@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Afp, Getty Images Files; A new report predicts India will replace the
U.S. as the world's second largest economy after China by 2050.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 994 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Economies of Egypt, Pakistan may surpass Canada by 2050: study; PWC forecasts
some developed countries could lose ground to emerging nations

BYLINE: Yadullah Hussain, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 741 words


The economies of emerging market minnows Egypt and Pakistan could surpass the
Canadian economy by 2050, according to a "brave" new report by management
consultancy PricewaterhouseCoopers.

"By 2050, emerging economies such as Mexico and Indonesia are likely to be
larger than the U.K. and France, while Pakistan and Egypt could overtake Italy
and Canada," PWC said in a report published Tuesday.

The findings - based on gross domestic product purchasing power parity (PPP)
terms - also forecast India will replace the United States as the world's second
largest economy after China by 2050.

According to the measure, Canada is ranked as the 17th largest economy, but by
2030 the country will slip to No. 18 and by 2050 to No. 22. Egypt will move to
the No. 15 place and Pakistan right behind it.

Despite the Canadian economy's diminished status, the country's GDP will roughly
double to US$3.1 trillion by 2050 from its current level. The PWC forecast seems
incredulous as Egypt's GDP based on the more common market exchange rates (MER)
stood at US$340 billion and Pakistan a mere US$284 billion in 2016. By contrast,
Canada's US$1.5 trillion massive economy placed it as the 10th-largest in the
world.

By PwC's MER measure, Canada's GDP will slip to No. 17 by 2050, only narrowly
beating both Egypt (No. 18) and Pakistan (19).

PWC argues that the PPP method is more appropriate for long-term forecasts as
"price levels are significantly lower in emerging economies so looking at GDP at
PPPs narrows the income gap with the advanced economies compared to using market
exchange rates."

The consultancy notes that "it might seem brave to opine on economic prospects
for 2017, let alone 2050," after a year of major political shocks with the
Brexit vote and the election of U.S. President Donald Trump.

"However, I still think it is important to take a longer term view of global
economic prospects that looks beyond the short-term ups and downs of the
economic and political cycle, which are indeed very difficult to forecast,"
wrote John Hawksworth, chief economist, PWC U.K., in the report.

Instead, the consultancy focused on fundamental drivers of growth, such as
demographics and productivity, which in turn is driven by technological progress
and diffused through international trade and investment, Hawksworth said.

Canada is not the only developed economy losing ground to emerging economies on
the world stage. Japan would lose its coveted fourth spot to Indonesia by 2050,
according to PWC. Germany, United Kingdom and France will also make way for
rising economic powers Brazil, Russia, and Mexico to be among the Top 10 largest
economies.

PWC warns that while emerging countries may benefit from strong population
growth, their progress will depend on being able to generate enough jobs for
young people in their countries.

"If they cannot do this, it could be a cause of political instability. For all
these countries, therefore, our projections should be seen as indicating the
potential for growth, rather than a guarantee that this potential will be
realized," PWC warned.

While some emerging economies will likely stumble and fail to realize their
potential, the overall tilt toward emerging economies is unlikely to be
interrupted thanks to their surging young populations, massive infrastructure
requirements, and scope for development unlike most saturated and aging
developed economies.

China has already overtaken the U.S. to be the largest economy based on GDP in
PPP terms, and could be the largest valued at market exchange rates before 2030.

The seven most advanced nations - the so-called G7, comprising Canada, the U.S.,
Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, France and Italy - will see their share of
the world's GDP shrink to about 20 per cent in 2050 from 30 per cent currently.

PWC projects the global economy to double by 2050, growing at an annual growth
rate of 2.6 per cent, largely fuelled by population growth and infrastructure
needs of emerging economies.

"We expect this growth to be driven largely by emerging market and developing
countries, with the E7 economies of Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Mexico,
Russia and Turkey growing at an annual average rate of almost 3.5 per cent over
the next 34 years, compared to just 1.6 per cent for the advanced G7 nations of
Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the U.K. and the U.S.," PWC said.

yhussain@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AFP, Getty Images Files; A new report predicts India will replace the
U.S. as the world's second largest economy after China by 2050.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Moving towards a knowledge based economy...

BYLINE: AngelaMcGowan

SECTION: STEM;NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 630 words


Last week I was invited to give a prize-day talk at St Catherine's College in
Armagh. This is a school that invites every child regardless of background or
ability through the door. Like a number of schools in the Armagh / Craigavon
area, St Catherine's does not require an entrance exam because equality of
opportunity is at its heart! The head teacher Ms Tiffney was delighted to report
that 100% of GCSE students had achieved a minimum of 5 or more GCSEs grades A*
to C. Indeed one student achieved 13 A star grades. As I sat on the stage last
Thursday night and saw just how capable Northern Ireland's young people are and
I realised just how committed some schools are to ensuring success for their
pupils, it gave me great hope for Northern Ireland's future economy.

Clearly I did not have anything to teach these young people about academia -
because their academic performance was amazing. What I did do however was take
the opportunity to tell them a little about our economy. In particular I wanted
to let them know that despite the challenges and indeed some high profile job
losses, that the Northern Ireland economy is still moving in a very exciting
direction. However, a lot of this improvement is happening under the radar.

I explained to the girls and boys in St Catherine's College that in the local
economy we have to accept a number of things are out of our control. For
example, commodity prices, exchange rates or the cost of labour in competitor
countries. This means that we have to accept that we can no longer compete
against China or Eastern Europe for producing low value-added labour intensive
goods.

But that does not mean to say that our economy is in decline. Indeed, just as we
lose some jobs we are constantly creating others of a different type. For
example, today we have jobs that did not even exist 10 years ago such as app
designers, cloud-computing managers or social media managers. As time marches on
Northern Ireland's job creation will increasingly take place in sectors in which
we know we can be internationally competitive. Ultimately Northern Ireland hopes
to compete very effectively as a 'knowledge-based economy' in the years to come.

'The knowledge economy' is simply a catch term for an economy that has a strong
focus on those sectors that require knowledge, research and innovation to
succeed. Such economies thrive when there is a large pool of scientific,
engineering and ICT skills available to employers. Knowledge economies are
collaborative ones where the business community interacts with local
universities and colleges. In knowledge-economies innovation and enterprise
levels are high, workers are highly skilled, well-educated and focused on
finding solutions. The knowledge economy is all about finding better ways of
doing things through research and technological advancement, it is about
commercialising great ideas. That does not mean to say that everyone working in
the knowledge economy has to be a scientist or engineer as clearly every economy
needs to have a range of jobs available. However, a successful knowledge economy
does contain a high proportion of STEM related jobs and for that reason the
overall standard of living in the economy rises for everyone. It is probably
true to say that many parents and pupils still have no idea what the knowledge
economy actually is - so in Northern Ireland we still have a big challenge
around information.

Hopefully though the kids at St Catherine's College in Armagh now have a better
understanding of the economic possibilities and opportunities that lie ahead. I
also hope that young people right across Northern Ireland develop the love of
knowledge that I saw at prize day last week. For it truly will be knowledge on
which our future economic success will depend.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2016 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

US ambassador discusses current world economy at Azerbaijan State University of
Economics

BYLINE: Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 468 words


May 18--Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of the United States to the
Republic of Azerbaijan Robert F.Cekuta visited Azerbaijan State University of
Economics (UNEC) on May 16.

Meeting with UNEC Rector, Professor Adalat Muradov the ambassador spoke about
the current situation with teaching of the English language in Azerbaijan.
Issues of involving instructors from the US in training English at UNEC who use
the academic mobility as well as the Fulbright Program were also discussed
during the meeting.

Afterwards, Cekuta commented the existing situation of the world economy to the
undergraduate students of the International School of Economics of UNEC. UNEC
students in turn addressed their questions on economy to ambassador. Students'
questions on increasing role of the Chinese economy in global economy, changing
oil prices on the world market, US-Azerbaijan economic relations and especially
direct investments from the US to Azerbaijan were responded.

The ambassador said though the major developed regions of China's economy are
located in the eastern part of the country, now it is moving to the west of the
country. Speaking about the transformation of the national currency of China
Yuan into the world currency Cekuta drew the students' attention to the national
economy which has become the world's second largest economy over the recent
years. He noted that China's economy and factor are no longer possible to ignore
in the world economy; currently entering the Yuan into the world economy in a
systematic way is happening.

Focusing on changes in oil prices Ambassador Cekuta noted in his speech that the
decline in the oil price should be viewed in ways. The drop in the oil price of
black gold for consumers, of course, is very good. However, the decrease for
oil-exporting countries and companies is not a positive thing. Because of the
fall in the price of black gold the decline in prices of other products fall, in
addition it leads to the reduction of oil companies and ultimately to
unemployment. Cekuta noted that oil prices have created problems for many
countries in the current situation, but we cannot say that for Azerbaijan. The
economic situation in Azerbaijan cannot be compared with the situation existing
in Venezuela and Nigeria.

The ambassador also touched on the investment policy of US companies. He said
that his country's companies will continue to take active part in Azerbaijan's
energy sector in any case. The ambassador also emphasized the possibility of
focusing his country's businessmen on Azerbaijan's tourism and information
technologies sector.

UNEC students shared their opinions with Ambassador Cekuta.

___ (c)2016 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160518-1AZ-US-ambassador-discusses-current-world-economy
-at-Azerbaijan-State-University-of-Economics-0518-20160518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2016 Trend News Agency


                              476 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

ET Classroom: What's so right about the 'Goldilocks' economy?

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 326 words


1. What is a Goldilocks economy?

It is a kind of an ideal economy that is growing steadily without any inflation
concerns. At the same time, asset prices are rising with low interest rates and
low unemployment rate in the economy. The inflation and growth levels are ideal
so that they neither cause overheating nor recession.

2. What is the policy significance?

In economics, because a Goldilocks economy is characterised by moderate economic
growth and low inflation, it allows a market-friendly monetary policy.
Regulators use fiscal and monetary policy tools to try and create a Goldilocks
economy. External factors to the economy and regulators' policy response to the
factors, also determine whether an economy can achieve a Goldilocks state.

3. What is its significance for markets?

A Goldilocks market occurs when the price of commodities sits between a bear
market and a bull market. This state is ideal for investing, because as
companies grow, stocks perform well, and in the absence of inflation, bonds will
hold their value. If GDP grows too quickly and inflation creeps up too quickly,
however, the economy can overheat and a bust can result.

4. Is Goldilocks economy a reality?

Such a state of economy may occur during the recovery phases. For example, the
US economy of the later part of 90s was considered a Goldilocks economy because
it was "not too hot, not too cold, but just right". Because we have business
cycles, a Goldilocks economy should be considered a temporary state.

5. Why is it relevant in the Indian context?

The Reserve Bank of India governor Raguram Rajan has at times used the term in
his speeches. Recently, he spoke of it to explain the level of the rupee
vis-a-vis the US dollar. "The ideal exchange rate for us is neither strong nor
weak, it is just right. Typically, market forces get you to this Goldilocks
rate," he said adding that RBI intervenes only to prevent excessive volatility.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                January 30, 2016

Chinese economy still an 'engine' rather than a 'laggard'

LENGTH: 986  words


The negative spill-over effect of a slowing Chinese economy is overwhelmingly
exaggerated, while the positive effect generated by China's economic structural
adjustment is clearly underrated, economic experts said.

BEIJING - The negative spill-over effect of a slowing Chinese economy is
overwhelmingly exaggerated, while the positive effect generated by China's
economic structural adjustment is clearly underrated, economic experts said.

As the Chinese economy enters a "new normal" stage with a lower growth rate and
the financial market adjustment strengthens, some international news media have
claimed that the Chinese economy is pulling down the world economy.

However, abundant data and expert opinions have refuted such a claim, and also
call for a rational perspective on the Chinese economy, which still makes
sizable contributions to the global economy and will generate long-term
dividends for global growth with continued structural reform.

China still considerable contributor

It is true that the 6.9-percent growth rate of the Chinese economy in 2015 is
the lowest in recent years. But it is still outstanding amid the gloomy world
economy trapped in "new mediocrity."

The Chinese economy increased by $645 billion last year, which is almost three
times the economic scale of Greece, if calculated with an average exchange rate
in 2015, according to Bloomberg News.

Meanwhile, the US economy grew by 2.5 percent in 2015, with an increment of 400
billion dollars, according to recent calculations by the International Monetary
Fund.

Both the absolute value and the rate of China's economic growth surpassed those
of the United States last year. It is thus biased to regard the Chinese economy
as a source of risk for the global economy, while seeing the US economy as a
source of driving power.

US Nobel laureate for economics Joseph Stiglitz said on the just-concluded World
Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that China has been the engine for the
global economy in the past 15 years, especially in the past seven years.

From the perspective of the contribution ratio, China is still a considerable
contributor to the world economy instead of a "laggard".

China's contribution constitutes 25 percent of the global economic growth at the
current growth rate, said Yao Jingyuan, researcher of the Counselors' Office of
Chinese State Council.

Optimistic about China's economic growth, Russia's RBC Daily newspaper reported
that China's growth will make up at least one third of the world's total in 2016
and 2017, citing analysts' predictions.

Negative spill-over effect overstated

With the recent fluctuations in domestic and foreign financial markets, some
overseas media organizations' over-reading on the spill-over effect of the
slowing Chinese economy might have sold well, but those reports don't conform
with the facts.

US exports to China merely account for 0.7 percent of its GDP, and for emerging
markets, that ratio is merely 2.3 percent, Goldman Saches' research revealed.

Therefore, China's economy, even with an annual increase rate of 3 to 4 percent,
will not create problems for other parts of the world, said George Magnus,
researcher with the University of Oxford China Center and senior advisor to the
United Bank of Switzerland.

Former US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke also said recently that China's
slowdown does not seem so severe as to threaten the global economy, so there is
no need to worry excessively.

China's transformation on its growth model is much more important than the
general GDP figures that people have always been obsessed with, the Financial
Times cited Stephen Roach, a senior researcher from Yale University and former
chairman of Morgan Stanley (Asia), as saying.

Roach noted that China has been highly successful in its efforts to shift its
economic structure from a manufacture-centered to a service-centered one.

Stiglitz also pointed out that the market is always short-sighted and fails to
notice that China's structural adjustment is imperative.

Structural adjustment heralds future bonus

Despite the slowdown of its economic growth, China has been making encouraging
progress in structural transformation, which could be seen as a silver lining in
the current global economic landscape.

China's consumption contributed to 66.4 percent of its GDP growth in 2015,
reaching the highest level since 2001. Meanwhile, the service industry
contributed to 50.5 percent of the GDP, 10 percent higher than that of the
manufacturing industry, according to data from China's National Bureau of
Statistics.

Such data has demonstrated that China's economic transformation has been on a
fast track. With a more reasonable growth pattern and a stronger sustainable
growth capacity, China's economy will bring about long-term dividends to global
economic growth.

Jim O'Neill, former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management known for the
creation of the BRICS acronym, recently said China's economy has been going
through a necessary and complicated transformation, and the recent fluctuations
should not overshadow the progress it has made.

Despite the macroeconomic data, the Chinese economy has shown great vigor and
vitality in the micro-economic areas such as the film market, outbound tourism,
on-line shopping as well as the service industry, in which shared economic belts
have promoted technological upgrades.

Growth in these sectors is the fruits of China's economic transformation, which,
at the same time, has also provided overseas investors with brand-new investment
opportunities in China.

In 2015, global venture capital made 1,555 investments in China's business
startups with a total value of $37 billion, up 147 percent from the previous
year, according to data from the London-based consulting firm Preqin Ltd.

China's pro-innovation environment and emphasis on growth quality have been
challenging the US-led technological innovation industry, the company said.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

Chinese economy still an 'engine' rather than a 'laggard'

LENGTH: 986  words


The negative spill-over effect of a slowing Chinese economy is overwhelmingly
exaggerated, while the positive effect generated by China's economic structural
adjustment is clearly underrated, economic experts said.

BEIJING - The negative spill-over effect of a slowing Chinese economy is
overwhelmingly exaggerated, while the positive effect generated by China's
economic structural adjustment is clearly underrated, economic experts said.

As the Chinese economy enters a "new normal" stage with a lower growth rate and
the financial market adjustment strengthens, some international news media have
claimed that the Chinese economy is pulling down the world economy.

However, abundant data and expert opinions have refuted such a claim, and also
call for a rational perspective on the Chinese economy, which still makes
sizable contributions to the global economy and will generate long-term
dividends for global growth with continued structural reform.

China still considerable contributor

It is true that the 6.9-percent growth rate of the Chinese economy in 2015 is
the lowest in recent years. But it is still outstanding amid the gloomy world
economy trapped in "new mediocrity."

The Chinese economy increased by $645 billion last year, which is almost three
times the economic scale of Greece, if calculated with an average exchange rate
in 2015, according to Bloomberg News.

Meanwhile, the US economy grew by 2.5 percent in 2015, with an increment of 400
billion dollars, according to recent calculations by the International Monetary
Fund.

Both the absolute value and the rate of China's economic growth surpassed those
of the United States last year. It is thus biased to regard the Chinese economy
as a source of risk for the global economy, while seeing the US economy as a
source of driving power.

US Nobel laureate for economics Joseph Stiglitz said on the just-concluded World
Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that China has been the engine for the
global economy in the past 15 years, especially in the past seven years.

From the perspective of the contribution ratio, China is still a considerable
contributor to the world economy instead of a "laggard".

China's contribution constitutes 25 percent of the global economic growth at the
current growth rate, said Yao Jingyuan, researcher of the Counselors' Office of
Chinese State Council.

Optimistic about China's economic growth, Russia's RBC Daily newspaper reported
that China's growth will make up at least one third of the world's total in 2016
and 2017, citing analysts' predictions.

Negative spill-over effect overstated

With the recent fluctuations in domestic and foreign financial markets, some
overseas media organizations' over-reading on the spill-over effect of the
slowing Chinese economy might have sold well, but those reports don't conform
with the facts.

US exports to China merely account for 0.7 percent of its GDP, and for emerging
markets, that ratio is merely 2.3 percent, Goldman Saches' research revealed.

Therefore, China's economy, even with an annual increase rate of 3 to 4 percent,
will not create problems for other parts of the world, said George Magnus,
researcher with the University of Oxford China Center and senior advisor to the
United Bank of Switzerland.

Former US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke also said recently that China's
slowdown does not seem so severe as to threaten the global economy, so there is
no need to worry excessively.

China's transformation on its growth model is much more important than the
general GDP figures that people have always been obsessed with, the Financial
Times cited Stephen Roach, a senior researcher from Yale University and former
chairman of Morgan Stanley (Asia), as saying.

Roach noted that China has been highly successful in its efforts to shift its
economic structure from a manufacture-centered to a service-centered one.

Stiglitz also pointed out that the market is always short-sighted and fails to
notice that China's structural adjustment is imperative.

Structural adjustment heralds future bonus

Despite the slowdown of its economic growth, China has been making encouraging
progress in structural transformation, which could be seen as a silver lining in
the current global economic landscape.

China's consumption contributed to 66.4 percent of its GDP growth in 2015,
reaching the highest level since 2001. Meanwhile, the service industry
contributed to 50.5 percent of the GDP, 10 percent higher than that of the
manufacturing industry, according to data from China's National Bureau of
Statistics.

Such data has demonstrated that China's economic transformation has been on a
fast track. With a more reasonable growth pattern and a stronger sustainable
growth capacity, China's economy will bring about long-term dividends to global
economic growth.

Jim O'Neill, former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management known for the
creation of the BRICS acronym, recently said China's economy has been going
through a necessary and complicated transformation, and the recent fluctuations
should not overshadow the progress it has made.

Despite the macroeconomic data, the Chinese economy has shown great vigor and
vitality in the micro-economic areas such as the film market, outbound tourism,
on-line shopping as well as the service industry, in which shared economic belts
have promoted technological upgrades.

Growth in these sectors is the fruits of China's economic transformation, which,
at the same time, has also provided overseas investors with brand-new investment
opportunities in China.

In 2015, global venture capital made 1,555 investments in China's business
startups with a total value of $37 billion, up 147 percent from the previous
year, according to data from the London-based consulting firm Preqin Ltd.

China's pro-innovation environment and emphasis on growth quality have been
challenging the US-led technological innovation industry, the company said.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Kashmir Observer

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Productive Economy Key to Post Flood Recovery

LENGTH: 1490  words


Floods revealed that Kashmiri society despite the depredations is a strong
community with an abundance of social capital


The anniversary of the devastating floods that swept Kashmir in its fury has
drawn to a close. On the face of it, Kashmir looks normal. This, however, is an
illusion: underneath the patina of calm and apparent normalcy, lies a Kashmir
which is wobbly and angry.  Our economy is in shambles; politically we remain in
the thrall of deep uncertainty overlain by relations between India and Pakistan
that are creaky and leaky. But if there is one thing that redeems Kashmir and
Kashmir, that is our society.

Even though Kashmiris tend to speak of broader society not in very sanguine, the
character, grit and determination displayed by Kashmiris during the flood fury
and after that is an eloquent demonstration of the nature of our society:  peel
off the facade of Kashmiris, we are , all said and done, a generous and caring
and a compassionate society. This is our enduring asset or what economists call,
social capital and it is this than government assistance or any other extra
social help that saw us through the floods and succors us now. However, at the
end of the day, we, as a society and polity need to come to terms with our
collective loss(es) and figure out a way to revert to a normal polity and
society-economically, socially and politically. This naturally calls for
assessment of our losses , introspection and then developing a template to
rebuild our economy and polity- a task that is required on an exigent basis lest
we suffer the consequences even more intensely. I will begin the analysis with a
brief assessment of our economy and how it has been affected. I will then follow
it up with measures that we can take recourse to and that are within our hands
to rebuild our economy and polity.

Our economy is in shambles. This is both an intuitive point and one buttressed
by both observation and anecdotal evidence. The sub structure and the
superstructure of our economy was damaged by the unprecedented and devastating
floods that hit us last year around this time. The infrastructure and the
architecture-both soft and hard- of our economy received such a jolt that,
honestly speaking, it will take years to make a semblance of a recovery. No
sector was left untouched by the flood fury. The effect given the nature and
existence of linkages between sectors got multiplied and an inverse multiplier
effect set in- negatively impinging upon our economy.

An economy is a system-either a closed or an open one- whose components are the
production, distribution, trade and consumption of goods and services by a set
of disaggregated agents  like individuals, households, businesses, firms and
governments. Together these form a loop which feed into each other and determine
the nature of an economic system. Economics is further sub divided into micro
and the macro economy. It is the macro economy or macro economics that is of
interest to us in the context of Kashmir's economy post floods. Macro economics
pertains to the behavior in the aggregate economy  and dwells on the
interrelations between the interrelationships in the economy wide domains such
as unemployment,  trade, national income, economic growth rate , gross domestic
product and inflation among other things. This is the textbook delineation of
the economy and the economic system. In practice, economic systems vary both in
terms of the stage of the economy and its development thereof. Kashmir's economy
is a curious one: it is neither developed nor too primitive. The spectrum it
occupies is somewhere in middle of being an agricultural economy interspersed
with an underdeveloped productive sector and a primitive services one.  Markets
are also underdeveloped here. The state which in  many other parts of the world
has gradually withdrawn from the economy and has given market forces more
latitude is more or less ubiquitous here. It would not be inaccurate to state
that the state is the largest employer in Kashmir and its tentacles are visible
and writ large on almost every sector in our economic system. Fed by centre
state fiscal transfers,  and given the nature of our economy, capital formation,
the savings rate and concomitantly investment rate and  the tax base of our
state is narrow and limited and given the landlocked and resource scarce nature
of our economy, except perhaps in hydro power, our economy is hamstrung by
structural factors. This condition, by its very nature is a tenuous and a
parlous one.

The unprecedented floods threw this already parlous and tenuous state of our
economy into a tizzy. The already shaky equilibrium of the economy was thrown
into disequilibrium and uncertainty defined by an unprecedented intensity became
the defining feature of our macroeconomic condition. It needs to be stated here
that macroeconomic equilibrium is an economic state in an economy where the
quantity of aggregate demand equals the quantity of aggregate supply. Both have
been affected negatively and it will take years if not more to bring these into
equilibrium. All this have and will continue to affect our economic growth with
investment-held by some economists to be the fundamental determinant of economic
growth - as a major casualty. This has and will affect capital formation and its
growth.

Capital formation requires saving, that is, the sacrifice of some current
consumption. An increase in supplies of capital goods can only result from
investment, and investment in turn is only possible if a portion of current
income is saved. Thus saving is essential to economic growth.

But in Kashmir the rate of saving will now be lower because income of the people
is low.  The lower the per capita income, the more difficult it will to forgo
current consumption which will affect the savings rate. Since savings will not
be sufficient to translate into investment and then used productively, our
growth will be hit. Our rate of investment and the capital output ratio will be
affected impacting our growth story. The composition of our GDP - consumer
expenditure, capital investment, Government spending, exports and imports- have
all been affected. The net casualty has been our economic growth which
unfortunately is not an event but a process and that too an unlinear one. Even
though these components of our GDP have perhaps always existed in skewed
relationship, the equation has become more skewed since the floods. It might not
be too accurate to say that we have over time evolved into a consumption economy
with trading of commodities and services as the thrust areas of our economy.
However with a low income effect on account of the floods, our purchasing power
may have been affected. This will naturally and inevitably impinge negatively on
the volume and intensity of economic activity  having spillover effects across
sectors and even socially and politically.

The overall inference that can be drawn from the observations that I delineated
is that we have become a 'risk society (not in the sense conceived by those who
coined this term but in the sense of being vulnerable to risk. All this is very
bleak and gloomy but there was also an upshot of the flood fury. The immediate
aftermath of the floods revealed that Kashmiri society despite the depredations
visited upon it is a strong community with an abundance of social capital. This
is a very good base line to begin what can be a prudent and sophisticated way to
deal with disasters in the nature (May God protect us but prudence suggests we
be prepared). A useful starting point for this preparedness would be what has
been called an invulnerable development approach. The first prong of this
approach would be to begin with a sustainable economic recovery process wherein
we , as a community, drive our own recovery that mitigates risk and builds
resilience. Government and state support can be a complement -albeit a very
important one- to this community based approach. We need to become a disaster
resilient community.  While this needs a holistic approach incorporating the
environment, community preparedness and resilience, public policy redesign,
government and state preparedness, and other related themes, my remit is the
economy. I would therefore root for a vigorous redesign of our economic systems
and processes that transform our economy from consumption oriented one to a
production oriented one. The aim here would be to eke out maximum efficiencies
from our extant resources and use these as a template for generating maximum
potential from these. It is a combination of these measures that may 'kick
start' the process of our recovery. We have social capital in abundance but we
need to supplement it with 'economic capital' to build the vitals of our economy
which will, in turn, have a beneficial and positive spillover effect on our
society and polity.

Wajahat Qazi is a senior editor at the Kashmir Observer

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Kashmir Observer, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                               The Kurdish Globe

                                January 12, 2015

The oil butterfly!

LENGTH: 405 words


What's the future of the Kurdish and Iraqi economy going to be like? An oil
based economy or a diversified economy that can sustain itself without oil!

GLOBE PHOTO

By Swara Kadir
swara7kadir@aol.com

What's the future of the Kurdish and Iraqi economy going to be like? An oil
based economy or a diversified economy that can sustain itself without oil!

What?s the future of the Kurdish and Iraqi economy going to be like? An oil
based economy or a diversified economy that can sustain itself without oil!

It appears that the drop in crude oil prices is starting to revitalize the
global market and encouraging economic growth. Inevitably as the world economy
recovers and gets stronger demand for goods and services will rise, which will
increase the demand for crude oil and fuel.

The American economy is starting to recover; unemployment rate is at an all-time
low for the last six years. Very soon it may be the European and Chinese economy
that will be back on track.

The interesting point to know is that there doesn?t need to be a big change to
cause a rise in the price of crude oil.

A small shift in a national market can create ripples that will affect the
global market.

This theory is commonly called the butterfly effect. Edward Lorentz the inventor
of the theory states that a butterfly flapping its wings in China can create
storm systems in places as far away as the United States, African or Europe! If
a butterfly can do that can a change in the market of one country or nation
change the global crude oil price? In global economics anything is possible!

Could the above be true or is it just wishful thinking? It might just as well be
the case that crude oil prices continue to fall and stay down instead of go up.


What can Kurdistan and other oil based economies do then? If one looks to the
example of Saudi Arabia, which is producing at a rate of over nine million
barrels a day, making it bound to deplete it?s oil reserves in two decades.

It has already started alternative means of generating national revenue. Areas
Saudi Arabia has been investing in are the food industry, petrochemicals, and
solar power generation to name just a few.

In order for Kurdistan and Iraq to have a sustainable economy it needs to invest
in sectors of the economy other than oil such as tourism and agriculture.

This way it would be building a more sound and stable economy that is not at the
mercy of crude oil price fluctuations.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 7


   Copyright 2015 The Kurdish Globe - Kurdistan Regional Government Education
                                   Ministry.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                           Zimbabwe Standard (Harare)

                               November 23, 2014

Another Global Recession Looming? [column]

BYLINE: Nesbert Ruwo

LENGTH: 802 words


Five years after the 2008-9 global financial crisis, the global economy is still
struggling to find its right footing.

This is despite trillions of dollars that have been pumped into various
economies under "quantitative easing" programmes.

Global demand is still below pre-crisis levels, and most economies are still
struggling with high unemployment, deflation and China's economic growth rate
seems to be losing steam after decades of double digit growth rate. Lower crude
oil prices could drive inflation in key economies into near zero range.

In last week's column I highlighted how much money has been pumped into the
global economy by key economies like the US. While this liquidity has to some
extent supported the world's biggest economies back on their feet, the question
is, how sustainable is that recovery?

The US Fed Reserve will continue to hold financial assets bought under its
quantitative easing programmes, so will the Bank of England, while the Bank of
Japan will continue to pump more liquidity into its economy.

There is growing pressure for the European Central Bank to further support the
Eurozone economy. Interest rates are at record low levels in most countries but
demand seems very sticky on the low side. It is clear that the global economy is
yet to be out of the woods.

Japan, which is still going through its quantitative easing programme, raised
its sales tax mid-2014. Data published last Monday shows that as a result of the
sales tax hike which weakened consumer spending, Japan's economy shrank by 7,3%
in the second quarter and contracted 1,6% in the quarter to end-September,
signaling the fourth recession since 2008. What it means is that Japan is in
technical recession.

The economic model of fiscal austerity, tax increases and quantitative easing,
commonly called Abenomics, after Japan's Prime Minister, Shizno Abe, has
obviously failed to work. For the world's economy, this has far-reaching
implications given that Japan is the third largest economy in the world.

Japan, on the other hand, is the world's fourth-biggest importer of crude oil. A
weaker Japanese economy would put further pressure on the already weaker brent
crude oil price, which is now below US$80 per barrel.

For economies, mainly in Europe and US that are struggling with deflation or
near zero inflation, lower oil prices will exert further downward pressure on
the inflation rates

The euro-zone hasn't had an impressive recovery either.

Economic growth during the first quarter of 2014 was a measly 1,2%.

The region's October 2014 inflation of 0,4% is a far cry from the ECB's target
of almost 2%. High unemployment, measured at 11,5% in September is still a
challenge.

The unemployment rate in the region range from the lowest rate of 5% in Germany
to as high as over 25% in Greece.

Echoes from the market show that all is not well in the region.

The most significant of the concerns came from Britain's Prime Minister David
Cameron in a November 17 piece in The Guardian in which he points out that "red
warning lights are once again flashing on the dashboard of the global economy".

He notes that the euro-zone is on the brink of a recession and that emerging
economies, which supported early recovery of the global economy, are also
slowing down. The epidemic of Ebola, conflict in the Middle East and Russia's
illegal actions in Ukraine are not helping.

China's 2014 third quarter GDP growth rate of 7,3% was the slowest in five years
as it struggles with weak domestic demand and slower industrial production.

For China, this could be the beginning of a "normal" growth rate for an economy
that has been growing at double digit rates for some time now. On this slower
growth rate, The Economist notes that "even dragons tire". A weaker China would
drag global economic growth down.

As long as the global economy recovery path remains shaky, expect more
expansionary fiscal and monetary policies.

That is low interest rate regimes, high level of liquidity and aggressive
quantitative easing programmes. Even though the ECB has adopted measures to
re-ignite the Eurozone economic growth by lowering interest rates to 0,05% and
buying financial assets, it remains under pressure to get more aggressive with
its expansionary policies.

Pressure remains on the ECB President Mario Draghi to expand the ECB
quantitative easing programme. The central bank has already launched a number of
stimulus measures to reverse the risk of deflation within the region.

With key economies in or facing recession, high unemployment and deflation,
could we be facing the prospect of another global economic recession? The
downside risk seems high. If not, we are bound to experience a protracted
recovery of the global economy.

Nesbert Ruwo is an investment banker based in South Africa. He can be contacted
on nesr@opportunvest.co.za

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                 March 30, 2014

First Quarter Review - Forex, Power Nosedive As Agric Grows

BYLINE: Bukola Idowu and Olushola Bello

LENGTH: 980 words


For many on the business side, the nigerian economy had not seen much in the
aspect of growth and development, even as they emphasized the growing pressure
on the naira at the foreign exchange as well as the dwindling of the nation's
external reserves.

Reviewing the Nigerian economy in the first quarter, the direct general of Lagos
Chamber Commerce and Industry (LCCI), Muda Yusuf said that there are two major
dimensions to the assessment of the economy, the macro economy dimension and the
investment climate dimension.

On the macro economy perceptive he pointed out that the continuing tightening of
monetary policy had continued to put pressure on the interest rate which means
that lending rate to the investors in the economy remains high during the period
of the review.

"During first quarter for most borrowers interest rate was between 22-30 per
cent which is detrimental to business. The economy was also characterised by
short tenure fund which is not good for long term investment. Generally interest
rate condition in the first quarter was unfavourable", he said.

Muda stated that the naira exchange is another variable under macro economy,
"the naira was under pressure in the foreign exchange market. At some points the
naira was exchanging at over N170 to the dollar in the parallel market and
Bureaux-de-change (BDC). This is the highest level to which the naira has
generated in the last couple of years as this has created a lot of uncertainty
in the economy."

He added that the foreign external reserves had also significantly depleted
during the period as it stood at $37.8 billion as at March 27, 2014 according to
latest figures on the website of the Central Bank of Nigeria far below $43.5
billion which it opened the year.

On the investment climate condition in first quarter, the DG of LCCI said the
power supply situation deteriorated compelling many investors to rely on
alternative sources of power supply as this adversely affected the capacity
utilisation in much industry.

He noted, "At the close of the quarter there were issues on the supply of the
petroleum products leading to fuel queues across the country. Security
challenges which is persistent in some part of the country, also had a negative
effect on the confidence of investors in the economy".

The president of Nigerian Association of Chambers of commerce, Industry, Mines
and Agriculture (NACCIMA), Mr. Mohammed Abubakar said the delay in the passage
and implementation of Nigeria's annual budget which seems to have become a
tradition, had a negative effect on the nation's economy in the first quarter.

Abubakar who noted that the real sector does not thrive shilst the passage of
the budget is still pending, called for the timely passage of the 2014 budget,
advising that its full implementation should commence in the second quarter.

Speaking on the Nigeria economy on the first quarter, the managing director of
APT Securities and Funds Limited, Mallam Garuba Kurfi said the economy had been
down when compared to the annual growth of seven per cent in 2013.

He attributed the declined to unfavourable policy in the county, saying "the
increase in cash reserve requirement (CRR) on public deposit to 75 per cent and
private deposit to 15 per cent during the quarter will give a rise to a decrease
in lending facilities."

Adding that the removal of Central Bank of Nigeria governor, also had a negative
impact on the economy, Kurfi said the decline in the economic growth was also
seen in the capital market. Noting that the capital market is the barometer of
the economy, he said the market recorded N913.65 billion, or seven per cent loss
in the first quarter.

He however noted that Nigeria is expected to experience a decent growth in
output in second quarter, "we believe the Nigerian economy is also integrated
with world economy to a slightly important level, and thus the achievement of
projected performance could be deterred or buoyed by international events".

To Henry Boyo, an economist there has not been any remarkable growth or
development in the country. He noted that the only significant thing happening
is the increased pressure on the naira.

According to him, the economy has been going around in circle without achieving
anything concrete. He however noted that one of the reasons the economy is not
growing is the fact that the monetary policy of the country has been one sided
and not focused on growing the real sector which is actually the engine of
growth. He noted that the increased lending rate and the continued liquidity
squeeze has made funds unavailable and expensive for many in the real sector.

On his own part, the Managing Director and Chief Executive of Cowry Assets
Limited, Mr Johnson Chukwu noted that the economy had recorded growth propelled
by the performance of the agricultural sector.

He noted that while the Nigerian Bureau of Statistics is yet to release the
country's GDP growth rate for Q1 2014, "it may be difficult to state exactly how
the economy performed during the quarter.

Nevertheless, based on observed trends in the various economic sectors, the
economy may have recorded a GDP growth rate of between 6.5 and 7.5 per cents in
the first quarter of this year. This economic growth would have been propelled
by strong performance in the Agriculture sector.

"Another sector that must have contributed positively to the GDP growth rate is
the Building & Construction, which normally booms during the dry season. Other
growth sectors include Wholesale and Retail Trade as well as the
Telecommunications sector.

The projected GDP growth is Q1 2014 is however likely to be moderated by
lackluster performance in the Oil & Gas sector due to repeated shut in of
production occasioned by continuous breach of crude pipelines. Shortages in gas
supply and low level of Electricity generation may have also affected the
manufacturing sector" he stated.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            February 7, 2014 Friday

[Weekender] Sharing economy drives sustainable development

LENGTH: 647 words


The sharing economy can contribute to sustainable development and has plenty of
room to develop further in diverse fields of business, society and life, says
Harald Heinrichs, a leading sharing economy theorist.

The professor of sustainability politics at Luneburg University in Germany
offered his views on a range of issues regarding the sharing economy in a recent
email interview with The Korea Herald. The following are excerpts from the
interview.

Prof. Harald Heinrichs

Korea Herald: What are the possible benefits of the sharing economy?

Heinrichs: Collaborative consumption is intelligent consumption. There are cost
advantages; moreover, one does not have to spend as much time and space on items
not regularly used â[#x20ac]o cars or drills. In some forms of collaborative
consumption â[#x20ac]o peer-to-peer sharing in a narrow sense, such as room
sharing or urban gardening â[#x20ac]o oftentimes a positive social effect can be
observed and finally reduced resource consumption is expected. However,
regarding the resource effects more research is needed.

Herald: How do you assess Seoul's potential as a sharing economy market? What
advice would you give to run a successful sharing business?

Heinrichs: Seoul is a perfect place for driving the sharing economy. The sharing
economy, in the sense of shared use of infrastructure and exchange between
peers, is very much a topic for cities, especially megacities such as Seoul.

Especially the online versions of the sharing economy offer lots of room for
creative entrepreneurs as well as a large field of shared mobility approaches.
Beyond profit-oriented business models, social entrepreneurship as well as
self-organized peer-to-peer approaches, which is non-commercial variations of
the sharing economy, are of importance too.

So far the debate on the sharing economy has very much focused on the
business-to-consumer and peer-to-peer practices. At least as important, I see
the relevance of the sharing economy for the business-to-business sector. For
example, sustainable industrial product service systems or pooling approaches
for machinery tools between companies is a large field, where lots of new
sharing business models need to be invented in the upcoming years.

Herald: How do you predict sharing businesses will develop in the future?

Heinrichs: The sharing business, as one dimension of the sharing economy and
practices, will develop further. It will not be as revolutionary as some people
argue and others fear.

If the political boundary conditions are developed further to lift the potential
of the sharing economy and puts away the hurdles, the sharing economy can
contribute to sustainable development of business and society, next to the
"traditional" economy, which is challenged to offer sustainable products and
needs to improve the sustainability of its production chains.

Herald: What are key tasks for achieving sustainable development?

Heinrichs: Sustainable development is lacking operationalization. Sustainability
is about including long-term and cross-cutting perspectives into one's thinking
and decision-making. What is needed is to concretize this ambitious perspective
into structures and behavior.

So far the public sector is a little behind the private sector. However,
approaches and instruments to develop the public sector further into sustainable
administrations are available. More exchange between science and the public
sector is needed to develop, based on these approaches, concrete practical
solutions. The media is challenged to adequately report not only on the risks of
nonsustainable development but to highlight best practices of sustainability in
order to raise the awareness of citizens. And finally, the educational sector
needs to include the topic systematically in order to prepare the next
generation of citizens and decision-makers for the upcoming challenges.

By Oh Kyu-wook (596story@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             October 8, 2010 Friday
                                 Second Edition

Global swoon raises stakes

SECTION: NEWS; Leaders; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 878 words


The updated global growth forecasts from the International Monetary Fund are not
a pretty sight. The Washington-based IMF now expects growth in the world economy
to weaken to 4.2 per cent in 2011 from 4.8 per cent this year. It says some of
the most advanced economies are "slowing noticeably" and takes an axe to its
2011 forecasts for the United States and Japan, the largest and third-largest
economies. "Private domestic demand remains weak in advanced economies," says
chief economist Olivier Blanchard. They can't all export their way out of
strife.

Market economists paint a similarly gloomy picture. So much for the hoped-for
worldwide recovery from the worst downturn since the Great Depression. HSBC's
global head of economics Stephen King cut his 2011 growth forecasts for the US
and Japan to 2.5 per cent and 0.7 per cent respectively.

"For those who've turned a blind eye to Japan's continuing difficulties, the
challenge now facing Western policymakers may seem unfamiliar," Mr King said in
a note last week. "The West is suffering not from recession but, instead, from
ongoing stagnation. All the talk about double dips misses this crucial point.
Despite the massive economic stimulus in recent years, the level of economic
activity remains disturbingly depressed."

The most obvious explanation for the bleak outlook and the failure of the most
advanced economies to achieve lift-off post-crisis is their massive debts. These
debts have not only limited the effectiveness of stimulus policy, but also set
policymakers an extremely difficult task: bringing down unsustainable public
debts without inducing debilitating deflation.

Meanwhile, the global growth baton has well and truly passed from the US to
China and other emerging economies, whose insatiable demand for resources is
proving a boon for commodity exporters like Australia, Brazil and South Africa.
While the IMF lowered its 2011 forecasts for many advanced economies, it still
expects Chinese growth to increase 10.5 per cent in 2010 and 9.6 per cent next
year, and India's economy to expand 9.7 per cent this year and 8.4 per cent in
2011. Emerging economies as a whole are predicted to grow 6.4 per cent next
year, almost three times the 2.2 per cent pace expected in advanced economies.
However, the IMF warns this tectonic shift is creating new imbalances in the
world economy, which will need to be addressed if the global recovery is to get
back on track. It says a sustained and healthy recovery in the global economy
depends on two "rebalancing" acts.

First, there needs to be an internal rebalancing in advanced economies to
strengthen private demand, allowing for fiscal consolidation and a reduction in
debt. Secondly, there needs to be an external rebalancing to boost net exports
in deficit countries like the US and to decrease net exports in surplus
countries, most notably China and emerging Asia.

That's all well and good, but in many senses, Australian policyÂ­makers face
unique challenges not explicitly addressed by the IMF. Australia isn't suffering
from the debt-induced hangÂ­over afflicting most advanced economies. Yet we do
need to strengthen domestic demand and become less reliant on commodity exports
as the engine of economic growth.

The Reserve Bank of Australia is well aware of the problem. Assistant governor
Philip Lowe last month warned our overÂ­reliance on exports to China, India and
other developing Asian economies created big risks and an imperative need to
boost the competitiveness of the wider economy.

Sadly, there is a dearth of significant productivity-boosting reforms on
Treasurer Wayne Swan's second-term "reform" agenda. Mr Swan is in Washington
today for the IMF's annual meeting, and should resist the temptation to keep
going on about how Labor saved Australia from the financial crisis.

Instead, the Treasurer should take the opportunity to push China to revalue its
currency, and Europe and the US to give up some IMF board seats to Asian and
Latin American giants and put the Group of Seven rich nations out to pasture
permanently. The Group of 20 important economies should be entrenched as the
main global economic policymaking body.

When he gets home, Mr Swan will need to cast off the smug complacency and start
behaving like a treasurer who is serious about taking the case for unpopular
productivity-boosting reforms to the unreceptive audience that is the great
Australian public. These are needed to make the economy more resilient to
external shocks likely to be caused by global imbalances. Past treasurers such
as Paul Keating and Peter Costello found the public amenable to sound arguments
for measures such as deregulating state enterprises, cutting tariffs and
introducing a goods and services tax.

Rather than getting bogged down in commonwealth programs for regional Australia,
the government needs to get serious about cutting spending, reforming
federal-state relations, ensuring next year's tax summit is broad-ranging enough
to include consumption taxes and states taxes and not limited to mining and
company taxes, and facing up to the need for liberalising reforms to the
workplace, health, education and infrastructure to bring about a quantum leap in
competitiveness. The time for rhetoric and posturing is long past.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Suhler on media spending

LENGTH: 1074 words


For a quarter of a century, Veronis Suhler Stevenson has published its annual
media industry forecast, which predicts spending across various sectors for the
coming five years.

Over the next decade, new technologies, says VSS co-founder and general partner
John Suhler, will continue to accelerate consumption. Entertainment and leisure
will remain a big category, accounting for more than 25% of the nearly $1.4
billion of communications industry spending in 2014. Though ad-supported media
like broadcast, radio and print publishing have suffered, the average revenue
cable subscribers spend is "breathtaking compared to 15 or 20 years ago," he
says.

Suhler offers some surprises. "The business information and services space,
which is not advertising supported -- that's really the sleeper," he says.
"That's one of the great stories in the communications industry's long-term
growth and profitability."

Business and professional information and services will make up 17.8% of
communications spending in 2014, VSS predicts, compared with 15.9% in 2009.

"Five to 10 years ago, the business information industry was built around a
subscription model," says Suhler. "Five and 10 years from today, it's going to
be much more integrated, with software, software tools and analytics that enable
customers individually, and companies with big site licenses, to manipulate the
data, to compare it to their own data and to create their own data files that
are integrated to the subscription-based information."

Central to this trend is the continued rise of what VSS dubs the "institutional
end user," referring to companies and other large organizations that spend money
on business trade shows and magazine subscriptions, education, training,
professional services, licensing fees and other media.

"Ten years ago, only the five or 10 biggest companies in this country would have
had site licenses with information providers that were really distributed
throughout a corporation, and in which the corporation really engaged those
databases with their own operational data," he says.

"I'd say today any company that does a half billion in revenue or greater is
site-license-oriented," Suhler declares. Financial and marketing information
will become "pretty dramatically insinuated, in terms of day-to-day office
workings." Among other fields, healthcare will see big changes, he says,
resulting from "software that helps providers in hospitals and practitioners
manage their affairs and have medical record availability."

&nbsp;

The Predictors
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/features/cover-stories/on-prediction.php|On
prediction     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lerner:-more-pe-reform-and-more-emerging-markets.php|Lerner:
More PE reform and more emerging markets
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kroszner-warns-about-the-shadows.php|Kroszner warns about the shadows
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/forecasting-is-hard.php|Forecasting is hard
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/werbalowsky%27s-hopes-and-fears.php|Werbalowsky's hopes and fears
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/academics-on-failed-banks,-busted-towns-and-fat-fees.php|Academics on
failed banks, busted towns and fat fees
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/gray-on-commercial-real-estate.php|Gray on commmercial real estate
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/berlinski-and-mass-on-how-pe-will-cope.php|Berlinski and Mass on how
PE will cope     http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/cuban-on-nearly-everything.php|Cuban on nearly everything
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/turk-on-europe%27s-future.php|Turk on Europe's future
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/heller-on-bankruptcy,-part-2.php|Heller on bankruptcy, part 2
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/hofmeister-on-energy.php|Hofmeister on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/trinder-on-riding-the-waves-of-regulation.php|Trinder on riding the
waves of regulation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/guccione%27s-triple-play.php|Guccione's triple play
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/kallir-on-the-ways-of-the-art-market.php|Kallir on the ways of the art
market           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/grahm-on-wine.php|Grahm on wine
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/routh-on-the-rise-of-dumb-pumping.php|Routh on the rise of dumb
pumping      http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/lloyd-george-on-emerging-markets.php|Lloyd George on emerging
markets           http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-
economy-forecast/suhler-on-media-spending.php|Suhler on media spending
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/isaac:-banking-on-consolidation.php|Isaac: Banking on consolidation
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/morris-on-limited-partners.php|Morris on limited partners
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/nunnelly-on-a-pe-shakeout.php|Nunnelly on a PE shakeout
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/beale:-waiting-for-the-public.php|Beale: Waiting for the public
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/collier-on-energy.php|Collier on energy
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/levin-on-private-equity%27s-red-tape-and-return-to-the-midmarket.php|L
evin on private equity's red tape and return to the midmarket      &nbsp;
http://www.thedeal.com/newsweekly/special-reports-1/the-deal-economy
-forecast/soothsayer-to-the-street.php|Soothsayer to the Street

&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Greek apples, Californian oranges

BYLINE: Desmond Lachman. Desmond Lachman is a resident fellow at the American
Enterprise Institute.

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 648 words


In the midst of their sovereign debt crisis, Europeans seem to be taking comfort
in California's budget travails. European Central Bank president Jean-Claude
Trichet suggested that while Europe had its Greece, the United States had a
larger Californian problem. This comparison reflects a basic lack of
appreciation of the ways in which the Californian situation differs from that of
Greece. It glosses over the fact that, unlike Greece's threat to the
continuation of the euro in its present form, California does not pose a threat
to the US dollar.

California is confronting an extremely troubling budget situation. Plagued by
political gridlock and constrained by popular budget propositions that limit the
room for corrective action, California is having extreme difficulty in balancing
its budget.Last year the Californian government was forced to issue IOUs to pay
for income tax refunds.

While California's budget deficit amounts to less than 2 per cent of its $US2
trillion ($2.3trillion) economy, Greece's budget deficit has now reached a
staggering 12Â¾per cent of its $US300billion economy. This difference must make
one think that the eventual correction of the Californian budget deficit would
have around one fifth of the negative impact on its economy as the correction of
the Greek budget deficit on its economy.

Whereas one would expect that a correction of 10 per cent of gross domestic
product in the Greek budget deficit would cause its economy to contract by
between 10and 15 per cent, California could balance its budget with a decline of
2 to 3 per cent in its economy.

Even more striking is the difference between their relative public debt
positions. At under $US200billion, California's state debt is less than half
that of Greece despite the fact its economy is almost seven times the size of
that of Greece. California's state debt amounts to only about 8 per cent of its
product whereas, despite the Maastricht criteria's 60 per cent of GDP public
debt limit, Greece's public debt is already in excess of 110 per cent of GDP.

The difference would suggest any eventual Greek sovereign debt default would
have around twice the negative impact directly on the European economy as would
any equivalent Californian debt default have on the US economy. Worse still for
the European economy is the likelihood a Greek default would trigger an eventual
sovereign debt default in Spain, whose economy is five times the size of the
Greek economy and which has around $US1 trillion in public debt.

Perhaps the most fundamental difference relates to the relative competitive
position of the two economies. As part of a country characterised by wage
flexibility and labour mobility, California's wage and price structure is
broadly in line with the rest of the US. By contrast, over the past decade,
Greek wage and price inflation has been consistently above that of its European
partners. The International Monetary Fund now estimates Greece has lost around
30per cent in relative unit labour cost competitiveness. This is now
contributing to an external current account deficit in Greece well into the
double digits in relation to GDP.

Stuck in a euro-zone straitjacket that precludes devaluation, the correction of
Greece's massive loss in international competitiveness will require a prolonged
period of deflation that could involve a 20 per cent decline in Greek wages and
prices. Such deflation would increase Greece's already heavy public debt burden
and complicate its prospects for correcting its large budget deficit by eroding
its tax base.

It is difficult to see why California's present misfortune has any bearing on
the likelihood that Greece will be forced to default or to leave the Euro-zone.
Europe would be better served if its policymakers were to harp less on
California and to think more about the consequences of Greece eventually being
forced out of the euro.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                 April 9, 2007

My Say: Where is the global economy headed?

BYLINE: Manu Bhaskaran

LENGTH: 1027 words


Recent data has clearly raised concerns over the direction of the global
economy. However, the rough consensus remains that global activity will see a
moderate slowdown, with problems in the US economy contained and other parts of
the globe able to take up the slack. That seems to be the message from major
forecasters such as the International Monetary Fund and the Asian Development
Bank. What investors need to worry about is how far this consensus might be
wrong and the consequences for markets in case some of the risk factors
identified by these forecasters actually materialise.

US economy the key concern

Our key worry is the US economy, where we see two areas of particular risk.
First, it is not entirely true that the problems in the US economy are only
restricted to localised areas such as the housing/sub-prime mortgages. The most
recent indicators show that the problems in the housing sector are spreading.
The Federal Reserve Beige Book suggested that services that support the housing
and construction sector were suffering. It is also true that delinquencies among
prime mortgage borrowers have also started to rise. Most worryingly, the data on
capital spending by US businesses has been poor, with a clear decline. This
means that capital spending by US businesses on things such as computers and
information technology is not likely to offset the fall in housing-related
construction activity as the optimists had hoped. Our view is that the US
economy is likely to slow a lot more than the consensus believes, though
avoiding an outright recession.

The second concern is the ability of US policymakers to take early enough action
to forestall a slowdown. The comments by the Federal Reserve chairman and senior
governors indicate a continuing concern with inflation, despite the apparent
removal of the inflation-fighting bias in the most recent Fed policy
announcement. This means that the policymakers are in a real dilemma -they are
worried about both growth and inflation. Action to help growth might stoke
inflationary pressures further, leaving the Fed unwilling to pursue a policy of
pro-active monetary easing. Given that it takes a long lag before cuts in
interest rates stimulate the economy, it is more than likely that when the Fed
does cut interest rates, it will be too late. So, while the markets may soon
conclude that the Fed will ease and move up on that hope, investors should
remain wary. The slowdown will still come and it will cause disappointments in
earnings that will hurt the US market.

Rest of global economy looking positive

What about the rest of the global economy? Here, there are indeed grounds for
hope. The European economies continue to gather some momentum, as seen in recent
confidence and consumer spending data. Despite a much stronger euro, the German
economy in particular seems to be on an upward cycle for now. In Japan, the
recovery in land prices across the country shows that the period of deflation is
fundamentally over. So, while there might be a moderate slowing in the economy
as the US slows, Japanese businesses appear confident and are stepping up their
spending. The weak link in the Japanese economy remains the consumer - while the
labour market has improved, the average Japanese household has not seen enough
growth in income to be really confident about spending. Still, as Japanese
businesses continue to expand and as businessmen and consumers become more
confident about the end of deflation, overall demand should improve. For us, the
bottom line for Europe and Japan is that these economies will slow a little as
the US economy weakens but will remain largely resilient.

Another area to watch is clearly oil prices. The rising tensions between Iran
and the UK over the seizure by Iran of UK navy personnel could well be resolved
diplomatically. However, the sharp rise in oil prices when the incident erupted
shows how sensitive oil prices are to political risk. This is because there is
still an insufficient buffer of oil reserves to give oil traders confidence that
political shocks can be absorbed easily in the oil market. We suspect that
ongoing tensions in the Middle East will mean a continuing high risk premium
built into oil prices - this is clearly negative for the global economy and for
inflation.

At the same time, the large developing economies continue to grow robustly. The
lead indicators for the Chinese and Indian economies continue to point up.
However, risks are building in both. In China, policymakers are increasingly
concerned over inflationary pressures and the impact of excessive liquidity on
demand. They are using mainly administrative measures to cool the economy - but
such measures tend to be blunt and could cause unintended harm to the economy.
Over in India, there are clear signs of overheating - the external balances have
deteriorated, inflation has risen and bottlenecks are apparent in infrastructure
as well as in skilled labour. The central bank is clearly concerned and is
likely to become more and more aggressive in its efforts to cool the economy. As
the economy slows, the excesses in some areas such as real estate prices are
bound to reverse, hurting confidence. We believe that the Indian economy could
well slow a lot more than the consensus believes for 2007-08.

Mild slowing for Southeast Asia

So, where does this leave us in Southeast Asia? First, global demand for
regional exports will clearly weaken. In particular, with US businesses cutting
back on spending on capital equipment, the risks to demand for Asian electronics
and information technology-related exports are rising. Second, this deceleration
in the global economy is likely to be moderate given the outlook for Europe,
Japan and China. Thus, the overall impact on Southeast Asia is most probably a
mild slowing. Third, it also means that the bias of policy in the region is
likely to shift towards promoting growth - we should see further monetary-policy
easing in countries such as Thailand and stepped-up fiscal spending in others
such as Malaysia.

Manu Bhaskaran is a partner and head of economic research at Centennial Group
Inc, an economics consultancy

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           November 11, 2005, Friday

Busan APEC signifies Korea's shift to globalizing economic system

BYLINE: By Ahn Choong-yong Professor of Economics Chung-Ang University

LENGTH: 1698 words



APEC leaders' meeting at the newly built shining "Nurimaru" hall in Busan's
picturesque Dongbaek island is now less than two weeks away, culminating a
series of year-long meetings in Korea of various APEC fora, senior officials,
ministers, and business CEOs. Busan APEC leaders' meeting is likely to be a
turning point in the APEC's history since its inception in 1989 and its endeavor
to achieve APEC's full liberalization goals. Furthermore, APEC leaders' meeting
in Korea is also highly significant and timely in view of the forthcoming WTO
ministerial meeting scheduled in Hong Kong early December this year. The
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) is the premier cross-pacific forum for
facilitating trade, investment, finance, and other economic cooperations. As a
result, the APEC process toward a fuller trade and investment liberalization is
to set a building block to achieve WTO multilateral goals if one looks at its
economic importance in the world. In 2003, APEC has represented the most
economically dynamic region in the world with its 21 member economies accounting
for 57 % of world GDP, 46 % of world trade volume, over 45 % of the world's
population, and responsible for nearly 70 % of global economic growth. The APEC
leaders at their 1994 meeting in Bogor, Indonesia adopted the Bogor goals of
"free and open trade and investment" by developed member by 2010 while
developing economies by 2020. To achieve the goals, APEC member economies
developed a framework in Osaka, Japan in 1995, which set out three main pillars
of cooperation in trade and investment liberalization, business facilitation,
and economic and technical cooperation (ECOTECH).

Perhaps, the most important APEC agenda this year is to conduct a mid-term
review of the Bogor goals. This year, the APEC economies have been assessing
where they are standing in meeting the Bogor goals and need to renew its
original commitments to the objectives and further to lay out how APEC can
effectively implement the liberalization goals as agreed upon at Bogor. Both the
fulfillment process of the "three pillars" and their final outcomes will
definitely enable APEC member economies to strengthen their economies by
benchmarking the "pathfinder's" best practices and sharing the benefits of open
regionalism. Expanded and freer market will bring up not only higher growth and
but also consumer well-beings in the Asia-Pacific region. APEC economies,
developed or developing, can enjoy through increased training and employment
opportunities, greater choices in the marketplace, cheaper goods and services
and improved access to international markets.

Needless to say, APEC initiatives for trade and investment liberalization aim to
reduce progressively and eventually eliminate tariff and non-tariff barriers to
trade and investment to result in higher economic growth and increased standard
of living for all. Trade and investment facilitation focuses on reducing the
costs of business transactions among member economies, improving access to trade
information and aligning policy and business strategies to facilitate growth,
and free and open trade. Combining the two together, trade and investment
liberalization and facilitation (TILF) indeed has been and will be the APEC's
flagship activities.  Economic and technical cooperation (ECOTECH) is designed
to build capacities in developing APEC economies to take advantage of global
trade and the knowledge-based economy (the new economy). Developing members of
APEC is very much eager to enhance capacity building at the institutional and
personal level for its people to gain the skills necessary to realize their
economic potential in a increasingly globalizing world economy. In this regards,
developed members must concern about knowledge and technology transfers to
developing members. For example, through the establishment of the APEC Education
Foundation to which Korea has taken a lion's share of fund raising, APEC has
supported various educational initiatives that advance cooperation and exchange
of experiences and know-hows among education institutions in the Asia-Pacific
region on areas such as distance learning, use of internet for micro-enterprises
and disadvantaged youth.

Consumers in Asia-Pacific have both directly and indirectly benefited from the
collective and individual actions of APEC member economies. Some direct benefits
include increased job opportunities, more training programs, stronger social
safety nets and poverty alleviation. More broadly, however, APEC member
economies on average enjoy lower cost of living because reduced trade barriers
and a more economically competitive region lowers prices for goods and services
that everyone needs on a daily basis, from food to clothes to mobile phones.
Beneficial impacts of APEC over the first 10 years are quite evident: Exports
increased by 113% to over US$2.5 trillion. Foreign direct investment grew by
210% overall, and by 475% in lower income APEC economies. Real gross national
product grew by about a third overall, and by 74% in lower income APEC
economies. Gross domestic product per person in lower income APEC economies grew
by 61%.

Some argue that APEC process favor only developed economies at the expense of
developing economies. This is not true at all. The sustained economic growth in
APEC has lead and will lead to social advancement in the Asia-Pacific region,
especially on the part of developing members. In just the first decade of APEC's
existence, we have seen poverty reduction in APEC economies by about a third
(165 million people), mostly as a result of strong economic growth. About two
million new jobs were created in APEC member economies, including 174 million in
lower income economies. We have eyewitnessed infant mortality falling and life
expectancy rising in lower income economies, which is linked to significant
improvements in access to sanitation and safe water, and expanding public
expenditure on health, heavy investments in human capital, with improving
education enrolment ratios and growing expenditures in education.

Korea must play an essential role in fulfilling APEC's vision of trade and
investment liberalization and regional cooperation. Korea should take the
maximum advantage of hosting APEC this year not only to reaffirm the Bogor goals
with some concrete action agenda but also to renew Korea's own commitments to
become a transparent and globalizing economy. This year APEC is also addressing
"behind the border issues" such as corporate governance, banking reforms,
anti-corruption measures, standard, auditing disclosure, strengthening
intellectual property right, etc. Moving forward the conventional cross-border
APEC topics and "behind the border" issues together, we can ensure "freer trade
and investment" world. Consequently, APEC needs to become more action oriented
despite its voluntary and non-binding principles.

Since the Asian financial crisis in 1997-98 and subsequent IMF assistance
package and under its conditionality, Korea has undertaken far-reaching
structural reforms in its inefficiency-ridden financial, corporate, public and
labor sector. Korea's initiative to become a regional business hub in Northeast
Asia is also a self-declaration of creating a business friendly environment for
trade and investment. Korea has achieved premier IT- based society, which is
also a key towards a knowledge-based economy. Utilizing IT infrastructure and
adopting international best practice in customs administration, Korea now can
conduct custom clearance on the average within five days, which can match the
best practitioner, Singapore, in the world. Korea's initiative to build
e-government has also progressed to eliminate substantially long practiced
corruptive behaviors in the government and business interface.

Developing economies that have recently integrated into the global trading
system have secured many benefits for their people, including an increase in
per-capita incomes and a drop in poverty levels. Direct foreign investment(DFI)
into developing economies and the accompanied earnings generated from
multinational corporations' export activities far exceed the amount of available
foreign aid. Therefore, the DFI represent a key mechanism for supporting
development in developing economies. The greater wealth generated through
international trade increases social stability in an economy. Also importantly,
APEC economies' compliance with a rules-based trading system reinforces good
governance and institutional reforms necessary towards WTO multi-lateralism. The
World Trade Organization and the APEC share a common vision of promoting
economic growth and encouraging development through the liberalization of trade
and investment. Since its launch in 1989, APEC has been a strong supporter of
the multilateral liberalization process and has worked hard to ensure its
developing members to have the capacity to implement WTO agreements. APEC
recognizes that the ability of its members to implement these accords directly
affects their capacity to implement trade liberalization action agenda.
Recently, we have witnessed proliferation of bilateral as well as pluralateral
preferential trading arrangements within the Asia-Pacific region. At the Busan
meeting, APEC should ensure that regional preferential trading arrangements
should be in consistent with the WTO principles. Then, regional trading
arrangements could serve as a building block towards WTO-led multilateralism.

Korea has emerged from a poverty-stricken economy to the near top ten economy by
exploiting fully oversea export market. Korea needs to share its experience of
achieving the export-based growth and IT developments with developing members
while Korea also push forward the DDA negotiations with other APEC economies. As
the APEC host economy at this critical juncture towards a globalizing world
economy, Korea should be instrumental in making the APEC Busan declaration which
will set another milestone for freer trade and investment in the world economy.

Editor's note : The writer had served as APEC economic committee chair between
Feb. 2002 and Jan. 2005.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2005 The Korea Herald


                              489 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           December 24, 2004, Friday

Self-fulfilling prophecy

LENGTH: 503 words



Korean business leaders as well as the general public are gripped by an
unwholesome level of pessimism about the economy. Partly based on their hunches
and partly influenced by forecasts from think tanks, they paint an overly gloomy
picture of the economy for next year.

For instance, a recent poll by Gallup International showed as much as 62 percent
of Koreans felt that the national economy would worsen next year, the second
highest percentage after the Greeks with 63 percent among the 65 nations
surveyed. A year ago, 47 percent of Koreans held such a dim view.

Another poll showed that top corporate managers also looked at the economy
through gray-colored glasses. The Korea Employers' Federation found in a survey
that six out of 10 Korean CEOs projected the nation's economic growth would
remain in the 3 percent range next year, lower than the average 4 percent
predicted by major domestic think tanks.

The prevalence of gloom for the economy among the public and corporate managers
reflects, to a large degree, their loss of confidence in the ability of the
ruling party and the administration to run the economy. They were disillusioned
with the ruling party, preoccupied with four reform bills in disregard of the
economy. Policy-makers called into question their own ability to take the pulse
of the economy by sticking, until the third quarter of the year, to the
ill-advised view that the economy would turn around soon.

Thinks tanks and the media played a part as well in spreading the gloomy outlook
on the economy. Research institutes tried to alert policy-makers to the downside
risks to the economy throughout the year, while the media often played up the
unending series of data indicating the economy's downturn in order to awaken
policy-makers to the worsening reality.

These and other factors combined to help pessimism dominate the view of many
Koreans. Now the worry is that this widespread negative outlook could turn into
self-fulfilling prophecy. The economy is very much influenced by psychological
factors. If a large number of people believe that the economy would sag next
year, it could really pan out that way. This concern was aptly expressed by Park
Yong-sung, president of the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry, who said,
"If you keep saying it's cold in winter, you will really feel much colder."
Park, a sharp critic of the government's economic policy, also advised corporate
managers to shake off an unnecessarily pessimistic view of the economy. They
should also bear in mind the saying, "When things get tough, the tough get
going."

To prevent pessimism from further infecting people's minds and altering their
behavior, the government and the ruling party should show they can keep the
economy growing. Recently, the ruling party declared that reviving the economy
would be its top priority next year. Yet this is not the first time the party
has made such a vow. So, it remains to be seen whether the party can deliver on
its promise this time.


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2004 The Korea Herald


                              490 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                        New Straits Times (Malaysia)-EDU

                                  May 22, 2001

K-ompelling circumstances

BYLINE: By Faezah Ismail

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 720 words


THE K-Economy Master-Plan, pending a Government approval, proposes a major
overhaul of the education system to prepare young Malaysians to respond to
the challenges and opportunities of an ever-advancing knowledge-based
society.

In such a society, schools and institutions of higher learning are not
just "trainers of young minds, creators of knowledge and transmitters of
culture but also major agents of economic growth".

These institutions are now viewed as the mechanism through which a
country augments its human capital.

And if Malaysia is to take advantage of opportunities offered by
globalisation and the emergence of the knowledge economy, it is crucial
that "we upgrade our human capital", says Datuk Zainal Aznam Yusof, deputy
director-general (economics) of the Institute of Strategic and
International Studies (ISIS) Malaysia, the body commissioned to draft the
K-Economy Master-Plan.

Human capital is defined as the "accumulated value of an individual's
intellect, knowledge, experience, potential and commitment that
contributes to the achievement of an organisation's vision and business
objectives".

And substantial investments in human capital are an absolute necessity
in the K-economy, say observers.

"I would say that major reforms are necessary in the education system,"
says Zainal Aznam. And these would be at all levels "because you cannot
say that the shortcomings are only at one level."

The recent controversy over the issue of quota in the student admission
policy "is a very relevant point to consider within the context of a K-
economy".

"To transform the economy we must make changes and, the fact is,
compelling circumstances are prompting these changes," says Zainal Aznam.

"It is not that we are not doing it (making changes to the education
system), it is just that the transformation process (from a production-
based economy to a knowledge-based economy) is happening so quickly. It is
just not enough to say change your system of education', we have to do it
and soon," Zainal Aznam adds.

He, however, declined to go into the details of what is still a
confidential document.

It has been repeatedly said that Malaysia must be ready for a knowledge
economy where arguably innovative human capital will be more highly valued
than physical and even financial capital.

Upgrading and expanding Malaysia's skilled workforce is therefore one of
the essential measures to develop Malaysia's knowledge-based economy.

The need for workers to acquire a range of skills and to continuously
adapt these skills underlies the "learning economy".

Participation in the K-economy requires Malaysians to be well-skilled
and educated, capable of using the ICT infrastructure to create new
industries of the future.

Since the skills demanded will increase and change rapidly, adult
education is likely to figure prominently in the lives of all Malaysians.

The K-Economy Master-Plan also gives an assessment of where "we are at
the moment in the K-economy scenario".

Comparisons with the more developed K-economies were also made "so we
would know the efforts required".

Science adviser to the Prime Minister Tan Sri Dr Ahmad Zaharudin Idrus
was recently quoted as saying that Malaysia is already operating in a K-
economy environment.

But how much of the population is participating?

The document also discusses "where do we want to go from here".

One of the misconceptions about the K-economy is that it has only got to
do with ICT. Zainal Aznam wants to correct this perception.

"ICT is a very important tool or enabler to drive the K-economy but it
is not the only thing that you must have. To make things happen, you must
have the desired human capital, among other ingredients," he says.

Those who are involved in economic enterprises which are dependent on
traditional factors of production such as land should not worry about
being neglected, says Zainal Aznam.

"Not at all," he adds. "They will still have a role to play in easing
the transition towards a more knowledge-based economy".

This is especially so when they improve their output "by putting in more
of the knowledge content in their activities."

Farmers, for example, can use suitable technology to raise yields if
they are not already doing so.


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (STF) - Young Malaysians will need to be equipped with new skills,
knowledge and ideals to allow their full integration into the emerging global
knowledge society of the 21st century. Faezah Ismail reports.  Picture - Serious
matter ... Malaysia must encourage its people to acquire knowledge throughout
their lifetime.-By Hamsiah Abu Bakar.

            Copyright 2001 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              491 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            April 27, 2000 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

The number is not yet up for the black economy;
Comment GST: The Countdown

BYLINE: Ivor Ries

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1192 words


One of the most rubbery assumptions underlying Peter Costello's new tax system
was that an open and fairer tax system, with lower marginal rates, would
encourage businesses operating in the "black economy" to come in from the cold.

So confident was Costello that his August 1998 manifesto predicted that $1.35
billion a year of new tax revenue would flow from it.

Costello's desire to minimise the black economy might have been sincere enough.
But he had better not bank on seeing much of that $1.35 billion in new tax
collections.

That's because the Australian Taxation Office has done a brilliant job of
ensuring that few in the black economy will feel the slightest bit tempted to go
legit.

The Government's goal of having fewer people avoiding tax by participating in
the cash economy was centred on the Australian Business Number system and the
goods and services tax.

Under the new regime, no business without an ABN can claim a rebate for GST paid
on business inputs. For a black economy business, the ABN-GST combination adds
up to an effective 2 to 5 per cent tax on turnover. For some, the lack of input
cost deductibility might have hurt enough to force an end to life on the lam.

Costello's tax reform manifesto put it this way:"The introduction of the ABN
will make it much more difficult for those operating in the cash economy to
avoid their tax responsibilities. It will also put a stop to people opting out
of employment relationships to avoid withholding taxes and thereby slipping into
the cash economy. "Those within the community who continue to flout our tax laws
and place an unfair burden upon others will no longer get away with it."

For the ABN system to work, however, there had to be a pathway where cash-
economy businesses could become tax-paying enterprises without fear of being
punished for past misdemeanours.

But the ATO has made this as difficult as possible. The only way any black
economy business can register for the ABN is by providing the ATO with enough
evidence to put the owners behind bars for life.

To complete the ABN process, the applicant must provide loads of information
about their business.

Details required are tax file numbers, the number of business names in use, the
date when your business started, the number of employees, the types of customers
and the identity of your tax adviser.

The application form reads like a giant fishing expedition by the ATO in search
of enough evidence to gain a conviction. Any black economy entrepreneur
considering going legit would run a mile before supplying even half the details
sought.

Indeed, the biggest hurdle to sly businesses registering for an ABN is the need
to provide a tax file number. As black economy businesses by definition don't
have tax file numbers, how can they register to obtain an ABN? Well, they just
can't.

As I found recently, the highly publicised ATO website simply refuses to process
applications for an ABN until a TFN is quoted.

Of course, most black economy activity is not carried out by entrepreneurs who
operate entirely outside of the present tax system. Most such entrepreneurs
operate in what may be called the "grey economy". They have legitimate
businesses with tax file numbers and they file tax returns. But they also run
off-the-book businesses, which do none of the above.

Grey economy entrepreneurs have shown enormous ingenuity in running two
book-keeping systems and avoiding ATO suspicion in the past. I'd bet a tidy sum
that most of them will continue to do so post-GST.

With black economy entrepreneurs prevented from registering for an ABN, and many
grey economy operators happy to stay loyal to the colour, the $1.3 billion
"black economy" tax windfall must be in doubt.

The following are phone numbers and websites for further information about the
GST ...

Australian Taxation Office

Tax Reform Infoline, phone: 13 61 40

website: www.taxreform.ato.gov.au

Business Tax Reform Infoline,

phone 13 24 78

The New Tax System Advisory Board

phone (02) 6216 1095

website: www.taxreform.ato.gov.au/advisoryboard

Australian Competition and Consumer Commission

ACCC Pricing Hotline, phone: 1300 302 502

website: www.acc.gov.au

GST Start-Up Assistance Office

phone (02) 6263 4490

website: www.gststartup.gov.au

The Australian Financial Review has organised a panel of experts to answer
questions on the GST.

To ask question, go to afr.com.au on the web and follow the links to GST Q & A.

TIMING IT RIGHT

 What happens     Penalty or consequence

 Fringe benefits tax changes to   Extra hit if salary packages not

 reflect the GST.
    reviewed.




 Last day guaranteed by the ATO for   No penalty for not having an ABN,
however,

 registrations for an Australian Business  the business stands to lose 48.5 per
cent

 Number and the GST if a business wants  on value of invoice if cannot quote
ABN.


 to claim GSt credit back from July 1.
  Cannot claim back GST inpout tax credits

                      paid on supplies after July 1.


                      Cannot claim a grant for new on-road

                      diesel scheme.


 GST starts.
Sales tax abolished.
Company  Penalty of $2,200 for avoiding GST

 tax rate falls to 34 per cent.
Individual income  registration.


 tax cuts Pay As You Go.
 Diesel and alternative  Businesses which should have registered

 fuel grant scheme.
 New rules for contractors.
 for GST but did not will be Liable for the GSt

                      all the time they should have been

                      registered.



 Last reconciliation statements due to Pay  Maximum penalty $200.

 As you Earn And Prescribed Payment System.


 First Business Activity Statement due   Penalty for failure to pay monthly GSt

 for monthly business taxpayers.
                               obligation on time: 16 per cent per annum

 First GST payment due for monthly    of the amount unpaid.

 payers.
                   Penalty for not lodging monthly GSt return

                    on time: maximum $200.

                    Business could be excluded from

                    participating in deferred GSt scheme

                    of sales tax credits.



 Last annual report form for Reportable   Maximum penalty: $200.

 Payments System due.


 First GST due for quarterly business   Penalty for failure to lodge quarterly
GST

 taxpayers

 obligation on time: 16 per cent per annum

 Lodgment date for the first quarterly Business                      of the
amount unpaid.

 Activity Statement.
 However the Commissioner  obligation on time: 16 per cent per annum

 has announced a '3-2-1-0' lodgment policy.
 This   of the amount unpaid.

 gives quarterly taxpayers a three-week.
 Penalty for failure to lodge quarterly GST

 extension on their first BAS until November 11.
 return on time: maximum $200.

 They then have an extra two weeks for the

 second BAS and one extra week for their third

 return.
 The final quarterly BAS of the year will

 not get an extension and will be due on July

 21, 2001.


 Last date to claim refund for sales tax   Forfeit sales tax paid.


 paid for stock  on hand June 30, 2000.


LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: TIMING IT RIGHT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                           Business Times (Singapore)

A look at Asia's economic cycle

                               February 25, 1999

David Bain


Though problems still remain, Asian economies can be said to have turned the
corner and on their way to a recovery, albeit a slow one

THERE is a growing belief that the Asian economies have turned the corner and
are beginning to recover from the economic tsunami that struck the region in
late 1997 and 1998. This view is supported by a growing stack of economic
statistical releases, which show a slowing down of contractions in key economic
data, and in some cases a recovery.

There are two economies where this is most noticeable -South Korea and Thailand.
If these two economies represented the bulk of Asia then it would be an easy
matter to declare that Asia is fully on the road to recovery.

Recovery in other parts of Asia will be a slower affair, but we do not expect to
see the huge falls in domestic demand that occurred across much of the region in
1998. This, coupled with still large current account surpluses, will ensure that
some economies will enter positive GDP growth territory in 1999 and others will
see less severe recessions.

The caveats to this are China and India. Having held up well in 1998, both
economies are slowing down. Both have the luxury of being partly command led,
giving policy makers more options to stimulate domestic demand. This has been
done with noticeable success in China, where fixed asset investment in
infrastructure and state-owned enterprises increased rapidly in 1998.

But the further easing of global capital and trade flows in 1999 is likely to
expose structural rigidities in these economies, ensuring weaker growth. Other
problematic economies are Taiwan and Hongkong.

Taiwan's economy will slow in 1999, although it should remain in positive
territory. Weaker export competitiveness and slowing domestic demand will
combine to slow growth.

Hongkong's economy is expected to have a long and deep recession, largely
because of the difficult real interest rate environment enforced on the economy
by the discipline of the currency board arrangement.

Korea, Thailand winners

South Korea's economic contraction began to bottom out in the third quarter of
1998. GDP data on a quarter on quarter basis began to support this in Q3 of last
year and has been further backed up by preliminary GDP data in the final
quarter.

South Korea's adjustment has been rapid and is best illustrated by the dramatic
turnaround in the current account, which went from a deficit of US$ 23 billion
(S$ 39.1 billion) at end 1997, to a surplus of US$ 24 billion at end 1998.

Import compression was severe as domestic demand fell 13 per cent in 1998. The
dramatic improvement in the economy's current account balances underpinned
currency stability. This, along with the severe fall in the demand for money,
allowed domestic interest rates to fall, helped by a benign global interest rate
environment.

The benchmark three-year corporate bond yield eased significantly to a low of
around 8 per cent in late January compared with a high of 24 per cent in late
December 1997.

Low interest rates and big current account surpluses have eased the severe debt
servicing requirements. This, along with continued rollovers and rescheduling
agreements with creditors, has eased the burden for much of corporate Korea -at
least for the companies that staved off bankruptcy.

Moves to resolve banking sector difficulties had also gathered pace during 1998,
enabling balance sheets to improve. This background of adjustment has begun to
yield more positive economic data since November, with industrial production,
exports and the narrowest measurement of the money supply showing rises.

Korea has since gained the seal of approval with upgrades from two of the major
rating agencies, Standard & Poor's and Fitch IBCA.

Prima facie evidence all points to a strengthening recovery in Korea, but there
are still difficulties. This is best represented at the level of the chaebols,
particularly the top five, which have moved glacier-like towards reform. This
will ensure that any sharp recovery will not occur in Korea in 1999, or 2000.
Our forecasts for GDP growth in 1999 and 2000 are 1.5 per cent and 3 per cent
respectively.

Thailand's recovery path has been similar to that of Korea's, whereby the
adjustment has come through sharp current account improvements, supporting
currency stability and interest rate falls. But micro level reform efforts have
been less encouraging, particularly at the level of bank restructuring. This has
slowed the pace of adjustment, pushing Thailand's recovery back. Nevertheless,
with the exception of exports, which are still slow to recover, domestic demand
shows signs of sustained improvement.

Recession, but recovery

The next category is recession, but recovery economies. These are Indonesia,
Malaysia and Hongkong. All three of these economies are at difficult stages of
their adjustment and continue to look vulnerable to a prolonged recession.

Nevertheless, the large contractions in these three economies witnessed in 1998
will be absent this year, ensuring that the pace of contraction will be much
less severe. All three economies are handicapped in their ability to recover by
economic or political rigidities, or a combination of both.

In Indonesia, political risk is still high, as a smooth electoral process this
year is not guaranteed, opening the possibility to ongoing violent protests. The
debt overhang will also limit growth prospects. Nevertheless, the huge falls in
domestic demand in 1998 are not expected to return in 1999, and the prospect of
a sharp fall in interest rates is relatively high given easing inflationary
pressure.

Malaysia's new capital controls regime and domestic political considerations
inhibit its recovery prospects. Nevertheless, evidence of progress towards micro
sector reform, particularly in the banking sector, and growing hope that capital
controls will be further eased, are likely to improve the economy's prospects by
the second half of this year. Interest rates should also continue to fall,
improving domestic demand.

Hongkong's economy continues to be weighed down by what I would call "the
currency board phenomenon". The discipline of the currency board regime
continues to demand a risk premium on the cost of money in the economy over US
interbank rates. Although the risk premium has fallen, inflation as measured by
the consumer price index has also moved into negative territory, perpetuating a
prolonged period of high real interest rates.

The inability to ease the pain through a more active fiscal or monetary policy
further limits any strong upturn in the economy. The slowing Chinese economy
will also hurt Hongkong's predominantly service-based economy. The slowing
economies

A number of Asian economies will see their economic cycle slow down further this
year, limiting Asia's overall cyclical upturn.

Within this category, there are two distinct types of economies. First, Taiwan
and Singapore, which are generally considered structurally sound economies that
are slowing in the face of regional and global forces.

Secondly, China and India, which are largely command-based economies, that are
slowing as a result of largely endogenous pressures to do with mounting
structural difficulties. Global deflationary pressures are also placing pressure
on Chinese and Indian exports. Equity strategy

If there is anything which comes out of this economic analysis for asset
allocation in 1999, then the two, possibly three, economies to overweight would
by South Korea (definitely), Thailand and the Philippines (maybe). Remain
neutral in the so-called recession, but recovery economies and underweight the
slowing economies.

Overall, Asia is still in the early stages of a stockmarket recovery and from a
global asset allocation perspective, it is probably too early to revert to a
more bullish attitude towards the region. The writer is Asian Economist,
Schroder Investment Management (Singapore)


SECTION: Investment Fund Awards '98; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1333 words

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Times Business Publications


                              493 of 994 DOCUMENTS

                              The Yomiuri Shimbun

                             April 10, 2005, Sunday

Businesses less optimistic over recovery

LENGTH: 688 words



TOKYO -- Nearly half of the nation's top 100 companies see the economy as still
in a recovery phase, but its improvement is slower than before, according to a
recent Yomiuri Shimbun survey.

Forty-eight companies described the economy as "recovering, but only at a slow
pace"--twice the number that gave the same response in the previous survey in
October. The number of firms that said the economy was "stagnant--Esurged to 23
from two in the previous survey.

The number of companies that saw the economy "in a full-fledged recovery
path--Edropped to zero from 12 in the previous survey. The result indicates that
a sentiment of stagnation has spread among companies.

The negative sentiment felt by the corporations reflects the recent price rise
in crude oil and raw materials and a possible slowdown in overseas economies,
including the United States and China, in addition to sluggish domestic personal
spending and prolonged deflation.

Fifty-three major companies predicted the economy in late 2005 would be "in a
slow recovery heading for full recovery.--EFive firms forecasted the economy
would be on a full recovery path.

Most firms viewed the current economy as pausing in a long leveling-off period
toward recovery, feeling that it would eventually head for recovery, echoing the
government's perception about the current economy.

Meanwhile, the survey showed that the performance of most corporations has been
favorable. Seventy-one firms said they expected to increase their profits during
the business year ending on March 31.

Eighty companies said their wage levels were "appropriate,--Ewhile 13 firms saw
them as "moderately high.--ECompanies cautiously optimistic The number of
companies that saw the economy in "a slow recovery heading for full
recovery--Ein the previous survey was 58, but the number halved to 29 in the
latest poll, and the number went from 12 to zero for firms that said the economy
was "in a full-fledged recovery path.--E However, the number of companies that
were pessimistic about the economy, saying it was "slowly deteriorating,--Eor
"quickly deteriorating,--Ehas remained at zero in both surveys.

From a list of choices, 38 of the companies surveyed cited weak personal
consumption as a major factor behind the slow economic recovery. Twenty-four
firms chose prolonged deflationary pressure and 21 said it was caused by the
slowing of the U.S. economy.

Twenty-nine firms raised other reasons, out of which 10 cited rising prices of
crude oil and raw materials.

Out of companies that viewed the economy as slowly recovering, 24 cited
improving corporate profits, while 22 gave increased capital investment for the
reasons.

Fifty-three firms forecast the economy to be in a slow recovery phase heading
for a full recovery by late 2005, while five firms expected the economy to be on
a full recovery path.

Thirty-two companies held a more pessimistic view, predicting the economy would
be in a slow recovery phase while nine firms expected it to remain stagnant
throughout this year.

In a multiple-choice answer asking the reasons for a favorable forecast, 56
companies cited increases in sales as a positive factor, up one from the
previous survey. This was followed by corporate restructuring, which was given
by 53 firms as an important factor.

The result indicates that a significant number of companies believe corporate
restructuring and business recovery has boosted earnings.

Twelve companies, the same as in the previous survey, said business continued to
be favorable and predicted a bright future. The number of companies that viewed
current business conditions as favorable, but forecasted an uncertain future,
rose by three to 40.


-----

To see more of The Yomiuri Shimbun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yomiuri.co.jp and www.yomiuri.co.jp/index-e.htm Copyright (c) 2005,
The Yomiuri Shimbun

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: YS-ECON-TREND-20050410

JOURNAL-CODE: YS

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                       Copyright 2005 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              494 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                          February 19, 1992 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Experts find there is no economy

BYLINE: ANDREW BOCK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 295 words


Speakers at yesterday's Ideas for Australia forum concluded, after several years
of study, that there was no such thing as an economy.

Ms Joanne Pemberton, a senior lecturer in political science at the University of
New South Wales, said the abstract notion of "an economy", which some say was
invented to confuse people, developed in the 1930s and 1940s.

Before the 1930s, according to a linguistic study by Michael Emmison, "the
economy" was always preceded by an adjective: the political economy, the
national economy or the agricultural economy, for example.

Mr Emmison argued that in the 1930s a new fashion for managing demand led to the
need for a separate entity that could be managed or controlled, something that
was not owned or formed by the nation, or even by politicians or the people. It
was "the economy".

Ms Pemberton said that after the 1940s, when the economy refused to passively
respond to demand management, it began to take on the more belligerent aspect of
a machine. She said most people now imagined the economy to be a machine that
forced people out of jobs and forced politicians to take heartless decisions;
people were asked to make sacrifices to the economy in return for some hope of
salvation.

"The economy is presented as above the social struggle (as are those who know
how to control it) and those who attack it only do so out of ignorance of their
own true interests." She said that since the economy was beyond people's
experience, "there isn't `an economy' that exists as a thing in itself".

Ms Belinda Probert, of the Centre for International Research on Communication
and Information, said economic management would be less influenced by
rationalist self-interest or greed if more than six per cent of economists in
Canberra were women.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1992 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

The world economy without China

BYLINE: Stephen S Roach

LENGTH: 1043  words


Is the Chinese economy about to implode? With its debt overhangs and property
bubbles, its zombie state-owned enterprises and struggling banks, China is
increasingly portrayed as the next disaster in a crisis-prone world.

I remain convinced that such fears are overblown, and that China has the
strategy, wherewithal, and commitment to achieve a dramatic structural
transformation into a services-based consumer society while successfully dodging
daunting cyclical headwinds. But I certainly recognise that this is now a
minority opinion.

For example, US treasury secretary Jacob J Lew continues to express the rather
puzzling view that the United States "can't be the only engine in the world
economy." Actually, it's not: the Chinese economy is on track to contribute well
over four times as much to global growth as the US this year. But maybe Lew is
already assuming the worst for China in his assessment of the world economy.

So, what if the China doubters are right? What if China's economy does indeed
come crashing down, with its growth rate plunging into low single digits, or
even negative territory, as would be the case in most crisis economies? China
would suffer, of course, but so would an already-shaky global economy. With all
the handwringing over the Chinese economy, it's worth considering this thought
experiment in detail.

For starters, without China, the world economy would already be in recession.
China's growth rate this year appears set to hit 6.7%-considerably higher than
most forecasters have been expecting. According to the International Monetary
Fund-the official arbiter of global economic metrics-the Chinese economy
accounts for 17.3% of world GDP (measured on a purchasing-power-parity basis). A
6.7% increase in Chinese real GDP thus translates into about 1.2 percentage
points of world growth. Absent China, that contribution would need to be
subtracted from the IMF's downwardly revised 3.1% estimate for world GDP growth
in 2016, dragging it down to 1.9%-well below the 2.5% threshold commonly
associated with global recessions.

Of course, that's just the direct effect of a world without China. Then there
are cross-border linkages with other major economies.

The so-called resource economies-namely, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Russia,
and Brazil-would be hit especially hard. As a resource-intensive growth
juggernaut, China has transformed these economies, which collectively account
for nearly 9% of world GDP. While all of them argue that they have diversified
economic structures that are not overly dependent on Chinese commodity demand,
currency markets say otherwise: whenever China's growth expectations are
revised-upward or downward-their exchange rates move in tandem. The IMF
currently projects that these five economies will contract by a combined 0.7% in
2016, reflecting ongoing recessions in Russia and Brazil and modest growth in
the other three. Needless to say, in a China implosion scenario, this baseline
estimate would be revised downward significantly.

The same would be the case for China's Asian trading partners-most of which
remain export-dependent economies, with the Chinese market their largest source
of external demand. That is true not only of smaller Asian developing economies
such as Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand, but also of the larger and
more developed economies in the region, such as Japan, Korea, and Taiwan.
Collectively, these six China-dependent Asian economies make up another 11% of
world GDP. A China implosion could easily knock at least one percentage point
off their combined growth rate.

The United States is also a case in point. China is America's third-largest and
most rapidly growing export market. In a China-implosion scenario, that export
demand would all but dry up -knocking approximately 0.2-0.3 percentage points
off already sub-par US economic growth of around 1.6% in 2016.

Finally, there is Europe to consider. Growth in Germany, long the engine of an
otherwise sclerotic Continental economy, remains heavily dependent on exports.
That is due increasingly to the importance of China-now Germany's third-largest
export market, after the European Union and the United States. In a China
implosion scenario, German economic growth could also be significantly lower,
dragging down the rest of a Germany-led Europe.

Interestingly, in its just-released October update of the World Economic
Outlook, the IMF devotes an entire chapter to what it calls a China spillover
analysis-a model-based assessment of the global impacts of a China slowdown.
Consistent with the arguments above, the IMF focuses on linkages to commodity
exporters, Asian exporters, and what they call "systemic advanced economies"
(Germany, Japan, and the US) that would be most exposed to a Chinese downturn.
By their reckoning, the impact on Asia would be the largest, followed closely by
the resource economies; the sensitivity of the three developed economies is
estimated to be about half that of China's non-Japan Asian trading partners.

The IMF research suggests that China's global spillovers would add about another
25% to the direct effects of China's growth shortfall. That means that if
Chinese economic growth vanished into thin air, in accordance with our thought
experiment, the sum of the direct effects (1.2 percentage points of global
growth) and indirect spillovers (roughly another 0.3 percentage points) would
essentially halve the current baseline estimate of 2016 global growth, from 3.1%
to 1.6%. While that would be far short of the record 0.1% global contraction in
2009, it wouldn't be much different than two earlier deep world recessions, in
1975 (1% growth) and 1982 (0.7%).

I may be one of the only China optimists left. While I am hardly upbeat about
prospects for the global economy, I think the world faces far bigger problems
than a major meltdown in China. Yet I would be the first to concede that a
post-crisis world economy without Chinese growth would be in grave difficulty.
China bears need to be careful what they wish for.

Roach, a faculty member at Yale University and a former chairman of Morgan
Stanley Asia, is the author of Unbalanced: The Codependency of America and
China.

Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2016 www.project-syndicate.org

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Egypt's future depends on increasing domestic, foreign investment: United Bank
chairperson

BYLINE: Hossam Mounir

LENGTH: 1145 words


Chairperson and managing director of the United Bank in Egypt, Ashraf Elkady,
said that Egypt's future depends on increasing domestic and foreign investment.

He told Daily News Egypt that the Egyptian economy is now recognised as a war
economy, urging Egyptians to stick together to safely overcome this stage. He
added that this period requires everyone to rationalise consumption, reduce
imports, increase exports, and promote tourism to have a direct positive impact
on the currency exchange rate.

Moreover, he noted that small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) can solve 70%
of Egypt's economic and social problems, highlighting the bank's strategy that
relies on expanding in SME financing, and supporting the state's plans for
sustainable development and improvement of citizens' living standards.

How would you rate the current development of the Egyptian economy?

Egypt's economy now is a war economy. All Egyptians must stick together to
safely overcome this stage.

We are on the right track. Economic reform measures have begun. There are major
projects underway across the country, including Egypt's agreement with the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) to obtain a $12bn loan over three years.

The agreement with the IMF in particular is a positive point. It is also a
certificate of quality proving the feasibility of the Egyptian economic reform
programme. This agreement will restore the confidence of investors in the
Egyptian economy, driving back foreign direct and indirect investment to Egypt,
and will increase the confidence of other donors in Egypt.

What do you think are the biggest challenges facing the Egyptian banking sector
at the moment?

The banking sector is an integral part of the national economy. It is directly
affected by the fluctuations of the economy. The more the national economy
improves, the less risks face the banking system in Egypt.

Risks and challenges facing banks have increased, due to the fallout of several
state sectors, including tourism and the remittances from Egyptians abroad,
combined with a lack of production and the suspension of a number of factories.

What is the solution for Egypt's foreign exchange rate crisis?

The foreign exchange rate is directly influenced by the strength of the economy,
the size of foreign investments, the volume of exports and imports, as well as
the volume of consumption.

In this sense, we need to rationalise consumption in general, reduce imports,
increase exports, and work to promote tourism. Collectively, this would have a
direct positive impact on the foreign exchange rate.

What role can banks play in serving the economy, while most of them direct their
liquidity to debt instruments?

It is very likely that banks will reduce their investments in debt instruments
after receiving the loan from the IMF, which is expected to partially bridge the
budget gap. Banks will then have to find new credit channels to employ their
liquidity, which would increase funds for projects and factories, especially as
the return on investment in these projects is higher than the return on
investment in debt instruments. This would mobilise the economy through new
projects.

Some banks aim to employ 65% of their deposits in projects, which would also
have a positive impact on the improvement of the economy.

Moreover, banks in Egypt, with the United Bank atop, strive to achieve financial
inclusion and merge the informal economy into the formal economy. In my opinion,
financial inclusion is the key for the competitiveness of Egyptian banking
institutions, and maximising their central role in supporting the overall
development process of the national economy.

Financial inclusion, in a broader sense, means accessing all segments of
societies in different places, in addition to making banking products available
to them in a complementary manner. This would offer clients affordable and
effective financial solutions.

What is the role of the United Bank of Egypt in serving the economy, projects,
and activities?

The United Bank's strategy is built on the basis of expansion in financing SMEs
in all governorates, as well as supporting the state's plan for sustainable
development and the improvement of citizens' living standards.

That belief comes from the bank's confidence that the future of Egypt depends on
increasing domestic and foreign investment, in addition to the development of
the SME sector, which can on its own resolve about 70% of Egypt's economic and
social problems.

We call upon the government to put together an overall strategy for the
development of SMEs and to specify the types of activities and projects, along
with the regions and industries that seek funding, especially as the government
is fully aware of all the sectors in demand. This would help consumers target
specific markets.

The United Bank of Egypt also finances micro-enterprises through its Intlaka
programme. This scheme aims to finance new clients who do possess budgets worth
50,000 to EGP 100,000. There is also another programme, through which we offer
up to EGP 400,000 of funding.

We do not only provide financing to these projects, but also offer technical
support and financial consulting for the projects' owners.

Furthermore, the bank aims to expand in granting financing to all economic
sectors, whether big companies, SMEs, or micro-enterprises, and to individuals,
mortgage finance, personal loans, credit cards, or even evaluation.

The current volume of the syndicated loans portfolio at the bank amounts to EGP
500m, across projects in the electricity and oil sectors. Most of these loans
are granted to public sector companies. The United Bank of Egypt aims to take
part in financing Telecom Egypt in obtaining the 4G license, which would cost
EGP 5bn.

The bank targets growth rates of up to 20% in the retail banking sector.

In addition, the bank is keen on financing national projects, as well as social
responsibility enterprises that would have a direct effect on citizens' living
standards. The bank has recently injected EGP 5m into the Al-Asmarat development
project which aims to erode slums.

The bank also works to support the state's scheme to convert banking fees into
e-payments, instead of traditional payments.

The United Bank of Egypt was one of the first banks to offer electronic payment
of taxes and customs, in cooperation with the ministry and e-finance company.

The bank also introduced a service for electronic collection of re-inquiry fees
of the Egyptian Mortgage Guarantee Fund, in collaboration with e-finance.
Through this, we aim to shorten proceedings and provide the highest level of
service performance for mortgage clients.

The United Bank of Egypt has earlier begun to offer self-inquiry via bank portal
services on credit scores for all its clients, including individuals, major
companies, and SMEs through e-banking services, in cooperation with i-Score
company.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2016 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                  May 25, 2015

Experts Task Buhari on Digital Economy for National Development

BYLINE: Emma Okonji

LENGTH: 889 words


Experts in information and communications technology (ICT) sector, the financial
sector and management development sector, have urged the incoming administration
led by Muhammadu Buhari, to leverage digital economy in his administration,
describing it as a sine qua non for national development and in sustaining the
Nigerian economy.

They spoke at the sixth Annual Pan-African 1:1 Investor Conference organised by
Renaissance Capital in Lagos recently.

'Digital Economy' in technical parlance, implies an economy mainly driven by
digital computing devices. Managing Director, Smile Communications Nigeria
Limited, Mr. Michiel Buitelaar, while speaking during a panel session, described
Nigeria's digital economy as huge, and will impact virtually all segments of the
economy, if well harnessed.

"Thus, in the face of dwindling oil revenue with increasingly pressure on the
economy evident in budgets deficit, infrastructural deficit, high unemployment
rate, harsh business environment, corruption, among others, there is need for
the incoming government to leverage digital economy in diversifying the Nigerian
economy and in addressing the challenges," Buitelaar said.

He identified infrastructural advancement as overriding factor for the immediate
expansion of sectors such as agriculture, transportation, banking and finance,
health-care/medicine, and education.

He said Smile Communications had already aligned itself with the key statistics
expected for the Nigerian digital economy by 2018 as released by the Federal
Ministry of Communications Technology, especially for the emergence of an
industry that is less fragmented.

The federal government plans to attain 30 per cent broadband penetration by 2018
from the present less than 10 per cent.

Earlier, the Keynote speaker, Professor Pat Utomi, while addressing investors
and captains of industries at the conference, shared similar views with
Buitelaar.

He said thrust of the in-coming administration should be centered on making
corruption costly and unattractive through public service entrepreneurship and
goal oriented. He advised the incoming government to reinvent sectors like
mining and building clusters of strong institutions, while leveraging ICT.

Global Chief Economist at Renaissance Capital, Mr. Charles Robertson, said: "We
see great long-term potential across Africa, particularly, in Nigeria, Kenya and
Egypt."

We believe Nigeria will be a trillion dollar economy by 2025 and it will keep
doubling in size every 10 years. GDP per capita is likely to reach around
$15,000 by 2050. Following the April elections, the new government represents
the best opportunity in recent years to push forward reform for Africa's largest
economy, Robertson said.

Addressing the gathering on how digital economy will transform the Nigerian
economy, Buitelaar said "Digital economy will be the driver of the agricultural,
transport, health-care/medicine, education, banking and finance sectors, among
others.

"We do believe the new digital ICT will influence other sectors. For example, in
agriculture, like I have seen in other countries, the efficiency and
productivity is very likely to explode once all the digital economy has entered
into their arena. It is also our expectation that the impact will become more
pronounced within the next ten years," Buitelaar said.

Specifically on expected broadband impact on digital economy, he extolled the
outgoing administration of President Goodluck Jonathan for approving the
National Broadband Plan, while expressing confidence in the Buhari government's
compelling posture for firm implementation of the plans.

"I think the federal government is doing quite well, especially, by releasing a
National Broadband Plan, but I will argue that the next government continues
with the plan in an even 'forceful' manner.

Similarly, spectrum allocations should be looked at too; it is more of
technical, but very important in the nation's quest for more ubiquitous
broadband," Buitelaar said, adding "There are sub-sectors that the broadband
availability will immediately impact their operations such as the delivery viz a
viz ecommerce, e-payment, education and other clusters of business. These are
crucial reasons the digital economy should be allowed to blossom".

Nigeria is a wonderful country, and the incoming government should do something
as regards the image of the country and perception in the rest of the world.
That alone is capable of convincing foreign investors about the country's
business climate. In the area of infrastructure, I do believe that the whole
country will benefit in smart investments in infrastructure. There are issues in
transport, power and payment systems, but if these issues can be addressed, with
a couple of other commitments, I believe in the next few years the country will
be reaping large chunk of benefits from them, he said.

Buitelaar added that the company would not rest on its oars until Nigerians have
access to qualitative and affordable broadband services.

He said, "From the Smile Communications' perspective, we have penchant interest
in the provision of high quality service. Later this year we will rollout
service in a couple of other cities. We are serious about providing superfast
broadband, high availability, high-quality and reliable offering, because
Nigerians deserve qualitative service."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

New economic order requires less politics

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 597 words


Campaign against digital economy bills mustn't be selfish

The digital economy is not just about the rights of computer users, which is why
politicising it can get everyone way off the mark.

The digital economy is not just about any particular group of people, which is
why concerns raised by journalists or political activists decrying the
possibility of stricter "state control" apparently failed to thoroughly address
the big picture. We are dealing with something that will come to dominate our
lives no matter what. Therefore, the digital economy must be handled without ego
and not be influenced by pressure groups.

It's a big change looming. It's inevitable. More and more transactions are being
done digitally. An increasingly number of business deals are being closed
online. Advertising money is shifting from traditional media to the second or
third screen, albeit gradually. Greater security will be needed and effective
infrastructure must be installed for the digital economy to function. For the
new-age economy to achieve sustainability, nobody â[#x20ac]" absolutely nobody
â[#x20ac]" shall be left behind.

So, the issue is far greater than freedom of expression. Concerns are rife that
basic rights could be affected if the digital economy fails to take into account
those with slow adaptability. The digital economy will cut short production and
delivery processes and this alone affects a great number of people. The labour
issue and the income gap, which many fear will widen instead of the other way
round, are among things that should matter most.

The "small" or "poor" middlemen will be affected, like junior bank employees or
low-ranking accountants. Big players can gain from the digital economy as they
are already controlling the platform and are not finding it hard to have one of
their own. The new-age economy is undoubtedly giving opportunities to those that
did not have them before, but there will be those who will be left farther
behind as well. "Adapt or die" is what they say. But like it's always said:
"It's is easier said than done."

It's up to the journalists and activists scrutinising the government's digital
economy bills to raise the important issues. But first, politics must get out of
the way. The digital economy is a double-edged sword, but, like it or not, it's
already knocking on our doors. Preparations must not be dragged down by
politicisation. Vested interests must be swept aside and the real issues
addressed. It's good that concerns have been raised, but they must represent all
unheard voices, some of whom don't even know how fragile they can be in a
digital economy.

Computer users or those expressing opinions online have their rights. But so do
those not using computers or expressing opinions online. It's the latter who may
not know how to protect themselves and they deserve more attention. They may be
part of the digital economy â[#x20ac]" with advertisement or promotion
"packages" sent to their phones on a daily basis â[#x20ac]" but they can be
those whom the new world order will "take from", not "give to".

Everybody is asking what they can get from the digital economy. This practically
makes it the old-fashioned economy in digital form, where the big fish still eat
the small ones. If the IT revolution is supposed to change all that, bringing
some sort of equality into the world order, the digital economy, which is
something born out of the improving technology, should serve the proclaimed
goal. To paraphrase the famous line, we must ask not what the digital economy
can give us, but what we can do to make it a real new economic order.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 994 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Study: Customer Experience Matters More When Economy is Doing Better

LENGTH: 791  words

DATELINE: Mexico


American Society for Quality has issued the following news release:

Customer experience matters more when the economy is doing well than when it is
doing poorly, according to a new study in the Articles in Advance section of
Marketing Science, a journal of the Institute for Operations Research and the
Management Sciences (INFORMS).

The study, entitled "Assessing the Influence of Economic and Customer Experience
Factors on Service Purchase Behaviors" is by V Kumar, the Regents Professor,
Nita Umashankar, an assistant professor, and PhD candidates Hannah Kim and
Yashoda Bhagwat, all at Robinson College of Business at Georgia State
University.

The authors examine how macroeconomic indicators, such as gross domestic product
and consumer welfare, influence the way in which consumers use their past
service experiences (e.g., satisfaction on their last flight) to influence their
next purchase decision. The authors find, for example, that how much the
enjoyment of your last flight influences your decision to fly again depends on
the economic environment.

A common belief is that the economy, independent of a person's income, affects
what one purchases. Consumers often feel nervous when the economy is doing
poorly. The authors, however, find that the influence of the economy reaches
even farther to influence the degree to which consumers incorporate past service
experiences into their future purchases, especially when the economy is doing
better.

Counter to received wisdom that firms should double down on improving customer
experience when economic times are challenging, the authors find that firms
should do so when times are good. While this may seem intuitive--firms have more
cash in a thriving economy and as a result, can afford to spend more on customer
experience initiatives--how customers respond to improvements in customer
experience during changing economic times had not been examined.

Anecdotal evidence has been mixed. Most experts advise managers to refrain from
cutting customer experience efforts to save money during a down economy because
continuing relationships with customers matters most when the economy is bad.
Others argue that firms should invest in satisfying customers and repairing
broken relationships when times are better because they can afford to do so.

Kumar explains, "While both sides of the debate are plausible, neither has been
empirically verified with real data and from the perspective of the customer. We
find that customer experience matters more to customers when the economy is
strong."

The research team combined data on state-level economic well-being provided by
the Gallup Poll with data on hundreds of customers of a Fortune 1000
international airline carrier, including their purchase behavior and perceptions
of the firm collected from multiple surveys conducted over time.

The conclusion: during positive economic times, it becomes all the more
important for service firms to improve customer experience by increasing
satisfaction, reducing failures, and implementing recovery efforts to enhance
the positive effects of a good economy. The firm analyzed in this study doubled
its gain in revenue from improvements in customer experience during a better
economic period. For example, the authors find that the same improvement in
customer experience yields a 10% gain in revenue when the economy is worse off
but yields a 20% gain when the economy is better.

The researchers conjecture that when the state of the economy is poor, customers
focus more on price and less on customer experience. In contrast, in a better
economy, customers are less price-sensitive and turn their attention to other
aspects of the service encounter. In particular, customers focus on how
satisfied they have been in the past and whether the firm fixed any causes of
dissatisfaction.

The researchers also find that while both higher and lower income consumers are
likely to spend more in a strong economy, the leap in spending from a weak to a
strong economy is larger for lower income consumers.

The key takeaway is that service managers can and should adapt how they position
their service offerings based on the economy. When the economy is doing poorly,
service firms should emphasize lower prices and better value. Service firms can
explore cost-cutting initiatives to offer customers better deals. When the
economy is performing well, firms should communicate superior experience such as
comfort, speed and reliability.

This research was made public in conjunction with the INFORMS Society for
Marketing Science (ISMS). ISMS is a group of scholars focused on describing,
explaining, and predicting market phenomena at the interface of firms and
consumers.

For more information please visit: http://asq.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 994 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

Is informal economy shrinking?

BYLINE: Nasir Jamal

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 152

LENGTH: 978  words


The size of the informal economy, which grew quite rapidly in the 2000s, could
have contracted significantly over the last few years on the back of the rolling
blackouts, implying that the official economic growth numbers might be a bit
exaggerated.

"The informal sector, which mostly comprises small (manufacturing and services)
enterprises, is on the decline. We don't yet have evidence to prove it but it is
certain that the energy shortages have hit the small-scale businesses harder,
slashing their share in the economy," noted Ali Kemal, research economist at the
Pakistan Institute of Development Economics (PIDE).Ali had estimated that the
informal and unrecorded economy was 91pc of the size of the formal economy in
2007/08 on the basis of the gap between (the quantum of) private consumption
indicated in the household survey for the total population and the one shown in
the formal GDP (gross domestic product).

Now he thinks this gap should have shrunk owing to the 'hit taken by the
informal sector on account of energy crunch'. But how much? He's reluctant to
make a guess without data.

It also means that the official economic growth numbers that incorporate
expansion in the small-scale businesses might be inflated, according to him. The
extent of the reduction in the informality of the economy would be known only
after an analysis of the new data, Ali said.

The informal sector, which consists of all shades of untaxed, unmeasured and
unregulated economy, is considered backbone of the documented economy. In
Pakistan's case, it is not only consumer of goods and services produced by the
organised formal sector but is also its major supplier of cheap inputs. It is
estimated to employ almost three quarters of non-agriculture labour force,
particularly the unskilled or semi-skilled workers joining the market every
year.

The informal sector, which consists of all shades of untaxed, unmeasured and
unregulated economy, is considered the backbone of the documented economy

"Informal activity can be detected in almost every sphere of the economy. Even
the organised sector conducts certain activities that are part of the informal
economy; the formal sector sometimes under-report the number of their employees
and output to save tax and other levies," contends Shahid Zia, an economic
expert based in Lahore.

"It has been very helpful to the economy in some ways and sustained it in
adverse circumstances; if, for example, the unemployment rate in the country has
remained at 6pc and demand for consumer durables recorded considerable growth
despite a very low average GDP growth of less than 3pc in the recent years, it
is because of this sector," he argued.

Even the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) admitted in one of its reports on the
state of the economy that the informal sector, which the bank estimated to be
around one quarter of the official GDP, appeared to be pushing the formal
economy forward. It, however, underscored the need for documenting the
unrecorded sectors, blaming the government's reluctance to broaden the tax net
for increasing the informal segment of the economy.

Still, like many others, Shahid feels that the tremendous growth in the size of
informal economy over the last decade and a half is fast becoming a drag on
growth and expansion. "With larger amount of economic activity shifting to the
informal sector, for instance, means the government will not be able to collect
enough taxes for development and workers will continue to receive low wages
without any benefits that jobs in the organised sector bring with them. The
government can significantly increase the tax to GDP ratio of less than 10pc and
cut its budget deficit by bringing even a part of informal sector into the net."

The estimates for the size of informal economy have so far ranged between 30 to
above 90pc of GDP. Some even say it was bigger than the official GDP, concluding
it'd require "wholesale restructuring of the economy to regulate the informal
sector".

"The government could start bridging the gap between the formal and informal
sectors by taxing the retailers," suggested Sikandar Mustafa, chairman of Millat
Tractor and the Pakistan Business Council (PBC).

He points out that the growing gap between the documented and undocumented
sectors is a major factor restraining the corporations from investing in
capacity expansion and new projects as they have to share a larger burden of
taxes.

"If informal economy somehow gets documented, it will be a win-win situation for
everyone; the government will collect revenues from it and the organised sector
will have to take lesser burden of taxes. And by becoming part of the formal
economy, the informal sector will enjoy all those benefits like access to bank
finance and other incentives available to the organised sector," contends Almas
Hyder, a leading auto parts producer and exporter.

Although the Nawaz Sharif government has pledged to raise the tax revenues to
13pc of the size of domestic output over three years, it has done little to
broaden the net and document the undocumented parts of the economy.

A few measures taken in its first budget last year were later reversed and an
amnesty scheme was announced for tax dodgers. Little wonder then that it had to
cut down its ambitious tax collection target of Rs2.475 trillion for the present
fiscal by a whopping Rs200 billion. It is finding hard to meet even the revised
revenue target despite holding back tax refunds worth Rs100 billion. There are
few signs to show that it will take any measures to document the economy next
year, for which it has again set a tax target of Rs2.8 trillion.

"I wish the government success, but I cannot bring myself to believe that it can
meet its tax collection target without significantly increasing the net and
taxing all incomes irrespective of their source," asserted Shahid. Few disagree
with him.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved
